The dokis worst day

Author: Peainthepod30

*000*2022-07-15 08:13

Today seemed like a nice and normal day to be in the literature club.

You walk into the literature club only to see the dokis sitting at their own desks clearly really focused on something.

Player (you): uh. Hey guys.

The dokis give weak waves as they put their hands back down to their crotches.

Sayori: I made a erm.. poem for you. P-please take it.

Sayori was struggling to stand holding her crotch and rubbing her thighs together.

You decide to read the poem. Which just reads some gibberish. You can make out a few English words but it's all just Sanskrit to you.

Player (you): what does it even say??

Monika walks over to you while holding her crotch and rubbing her thighs.

You finally understand what it is, they need to pee.

Monika: hi played I was wondering if you could help me with something?

Player (you): sure!

Monika: can you help me to get to the bathroom?

Player (you): glitch yourself there.

Monika: I would but... That will only make my bladder pressure worse!

Player (you): I guess we'll bring the others too.

The other dokis stand up and walk their way with you toward the bathroom.

Once you get there you make sure they get in. Once they all take off their panties and release You can hear the loud roaring of pee hitting the toilet bowl.

You start getting impatient after around an hour.

So you get in there and bang against their stalls. Once done you leave.

They all walk out with relieved looks.

The dokis: sorry player. We kinda just fell asleep upon release.

Player (you): how much pee is in there?!

You decide to look into the toilet bowl and see all of them filled to the brim with yellow. GOD DAMN.

You walk out and lead the dokis back to the classroom. In which clubs are already over. So you pack you things and walk home with sayori.

As your walking home you feel the need to pee but it's not that bad yet. And to make matters worse now you're at once of those things where you push the button and wait for the sign to change. This could be a while...

Sayori: what's wrong player?

Player (you): I uh.. nothing. Just Mondays.

Sayori: if you insist.

After an eternity the sign finally changed and now you can walk safely.

The urge is getting real bad. You become fidgety and hold your crotch every few seconds to hold back relief.

Sayori: are you sure your okay player??

Player (you): yeah... I'm ok..

As you keep walking you eventually make it to sayori and your home.

You rush into your home without saying bye to sayori. You just rush into your house enter your bathroom. Lower your jeans and underwear. And now you let go In which you are peeing very forcefully. But eventually it ends. You pull your jeans and underwear back up and continue to love your life.

The end. I'm still sad on the lack of ddlc omorashi aside from a few drawings or 4 stories I've found that aren't mine.

