Tales from the Harem

Author: PopGoesThWeezl

*000*2022-07-19 22:00

GUESS WHO FINALLY GOT THEIR POSTING PRIVILEGES? No more waiting a week and a half for mods to approve my posts for this bitch!

I am getting into omo writing. All of these will be in the same universe. This post will be an introduction. These stories, mostly short and nonlinear, will focus on a King, Garnet III, his Queen, Cordelia, and the harem they keep (and yes, it is shared). Fantasy setting. The kingdom, Riverkeep, is small but peaceful. There are some other kingdoms nearby, one of which, Helmsmount, is experiencing some political strife. As a result, some dissidents have sought shelter in Riverkeep (this will be important later). It is in a fairly temperate region with hot summers and cold winters.

The harem dwellers are kept in plush conditions, and are given plenty of jewelry and other finery to wear. In the summer, they're encouraged to wear little else. Normally, they get five pee/poop breaks a day, called toilet passes or potty passes, that they can use whenever they want, with these breaks resetting daily at midnight (they can plead for more if they're really desperate, but may be refused). Unlimited breaks are given only in the case of illness or significant injury.

The toilets themselves are mostly variations on the chamber pot, although other options will be used.

Main characters include:

King Garnet Mid thirties. Considered rather handsome. His skin is tan and smooth, and his body is toned from athletic training and a good diet, with a bit of pudge on the belly, but not very much. His hair is dark and curly, and shines brown in the sun. His eyes are dark and, in the right light, his eyes look almost wine-red. Fond of women with MILFy builds, and skinny twinks and femboys. Considered a capable leader due to his care for domestic issues Charismatic, wise, intelligent, all that that makes a good leader Average bladder, but good at making it seem bigger than it is by managing his fluid intake. Maximum hold time is between eleven to thirteen hours. Will not urinate outside of his private pot unless there are quite literally no other options other than clothing. Dislikes even doing it in front of Cordelia. Queen Cordelia:

Late twenties. Curvy build, with large hips, a round butt, and breasts around the side of a large orange or smaller grapefruit. Fairer skin than her husband. Brown eyes that have been described as honey-colored or amber. Her hair is long, wavy, blue-black, and well cared for. She has shapely, plush lips and is fond of lipstick.

Not a lot of body hair, but the carpet matches the drapes, and is thick. Several harem members attempted to shave it all off one time and it took the better part of an hour before it was all gone.

Empathetic and a little daft

Big bladder. Max holding time around eighteen hours. Will urinate in front of those who desire to see it, but never where anyone else could see her--no public latrines, alleyways, or bushes. If she's travelling, she has to have a servant bring her chamber pot and set up a special tent. Even then, she doesn't like it.

Flint:

Male harem member. Late twenties. Smooth tan skin, with some pink scarring, mostly on his back. Dark brown, straight hair just past his shoulders. Gray eyes. Strong build, hint of abs.

This next point mentions violence, so it's under a read more. It's backstory.

Spoiler

Flint was a political dissident from Helmsmount that the Helmsmount authorities attempted to slay by stripping him naked, whipping him, and running him through the snowy winter streets. He managed to make it out of Helmsmount and into the camp of a travelling Cordelia, who brought him to get medical attention. After he recovered, they became friends, then something more, and he joined her harem, under the protection of Garnet and Cordelia. The Helmsmount royalty think he's dead.

Is subservient to Cordelia and almost excessively chivalrous to her Intelligent, appreciates that Garnet is the same. Has some trauma from his ejection from Helmsmount. The best remedy is either "quality time" (wink wink) with Cordelia or a nice long talk with Jim. Average cock, a bit long and thin. Pubes soft and fine. Slight happy trail. Average bladder. Maximum hold time is around twelve hours. Will urinate in public, but would rather use a toilet if one is available. Jim:

Male harem member. Late thirties. Pale skin. Dirty blond hair that's a bit shaggy. Has a beard of the same color. Plenty of body hair to match, especially on his chest, abdomen and around his genitals. Prominent happy trail and thigh hair.

Speaking of genitals, his are very large, both in length and girth. You can see it through his pants sometimes. It's also a nice-looking cock, with a good color and shape.

Solid build, with a slight dad bod and strong arms.

Fatherly disposition, took Flint under his arm because he thought "the lad looked lost"

Very large bladder. Maximum hold time around twenty-four hours. He managed that only once, and with extensive leaking. Genuinely enjoys peeing, too. Has little shame about public urination--"we all gotta go."

Rosemarie: Female harem member. Early twenties. Slender build, not much muscle, not much fat. Redheaded, but no freckles. Green eyes. Hair is a bit above shoulders. Smaller breasts--maybe the size of a lemon.

Very, very attracted to Cordelia

Hotheaded disposition. Irritates easily. Can be needy. Very subservient to Cordelia.

Prefers to watch others pee, especially Cordelia. Will drink pee. Pubes are soft and fine, with no happy trail or thigh fuzz.

Small bladder. Maximum hold time around six hours. Usually needs a pee at night. Frequently has to pee in a bucket or in the harem-members' exercise yard due to running out of potty passes. Due to this, has no shame in peeing in front of others.

Background characters will be present. This may be edited later.

First story post! This one's very x rated lol

As soon as Garnet entered, the lovers swarmed around him.

One lover took his crown and laid it carefully aside. Another unbuttoned his tunic and helped him out of it. Yet a third took his pants and shoes. A fourth gently pulled his undergarments from him, leaving him bare. A red silk robe was drawn about his shoulders, and he was led to a large round mattress dressed in velvet, where he lay down, sighing heavily at the lack of weight. He let his eyes close for a moment.

A kiss was placed on his nose. “Would you like to be taken to your bed, your majesty?”

He sighed. “No… no. I am merely a bit drained. Where is Cordelia?”

The girl, slim and bare-breasted with piercings of ruby in each nipple, bit her soft lip. He recognized her as Lila, a new-ish addition. “... I know not. Would you like me to summon her?”

Garnet sighed. “Yes. After that, come right back… I think I would like to play with those piercings you have.”

She giggled. She sent for a servant, then came back, sitting next to him and baring her large chest. He carefully turned the piercings around within her soft pink nipples, marvelling at how they caught the light. She squeaked and squealed as he manipulated her soft buds. “... I think I will make someone breed you,” he murmured. “I think I would like to see those pretty breasts of yours full of milk.”

She flushed. “Why… thank you, my lord.”

Another presence approached the bed. Garnet looked up. “Cordelia. How nice to see you. Come, sit with me.” He sent Lila away with a wave of his hand.

Cordelia sat, carefully. “You wanted to speak to me?”

“I wanted to be with you,” Garnet sighed. “Has this day not been stressful? I thought we could perhaps have some time together.”

“I… well…” She swallowed. “I… yes, I do love spending time with you.”

He held his arms out. “Come to me.”

She lay back into his arms, then squeaked and flinched hard, clenching her thighs.

“What is wrong?”

“I… I have been… I have not had the chance to pass urine all day…” She whimpered. “... I need to go so badly… I have been holding it since this morning. My lady parts are throbbing so badly. Please, I would do anything for a chamber pot!” She writhed, humping his leg.

“I want you here,” Garnet replied, stroking her hair. “‘Tis not the same if it isn’t you. Can you hold it in?”

One of the lovers, a girl named Rosemarie, laid a hand on Cordelia’s hip. “Allow me to assist, my lady.”

“What do you mean?”

Rosemarie stroked Cordelia’s hip tenderly. “It would be an honor, my lady, if you used my mouth to relieve yourself.”

Cordelia initially looked like she wanted to refuse, then another wave of desperation struck. She gripped her lady-parts and writhed hard. “... Be quick! I do not know how much longer I can last!”

Rosemarie gently guided Cordelia onto her back, spreading her legs and opening her robe. Rosemarie’s breath carded softly through Cordelia’s thick muff. Cordelia felt her pee hole quiver. Warm lips settled on her core, around her pee hole, and suckled tight. She moaned.

“Now,” Garnet said. “Let go.”

Cordelia focused. A strong tingling sensation jetted up into her abdomen as the pressure released. Her warm stream trickled over Rosemarie’s tongue. “Ooooh…”

Rosemarie hummed. Her tongue laved against Cordelia’s core. The tingling in Cordelia’s lady parts burst into an incredible pleasure. Her clit throbbed. Her thighs quivered, opening wide and then wider. Rosemarie pushed her tongue against Cordelia’s clit just as her pee-stream hit its peak. The pee teased against her from the back, and Rosemarie’s tongue from the front, and between the two, the pleasure made her see stars.

Just then, Garnet pinched both of her soft pink nipples, and that was her undoing. She came with a moan that resonated around the wooden paneled walls and off the velvet furnishings.

When she came to, Rosemarie was gently wiping her lady-parts clean with a warm wet rag, and Garnet was sitting above her, smiling. She pouted, giving Garnet a wifely Look.

Garnet just laughed. “Love you, Lia.”

She grumbled. “Love you too.”

*001*2022-07-21 04:22

Second entry. There's a Lot of pee in this. Male and female desperation, urination and nudity. Mass desperation is one of my favorites. Brief mention of farting, but it's only one offhand line.

It was shortly after dinner when Flint felt a twinge in his bladder.

He was lounging in his bed, as he was fond of solitude after what had happened in Helmsmount. He had his window open, letting in the sound of summer crickets and soft rain. As it was warm, he wore only a thin robe that was very slightly see-through. He had a waterskin next to him for hydration’s sake.

He sighed. He still had two potty passes left, which was nice, because it meant he wouldn’t have to find a bush or bucket. He grabbed one of the little stamped parchments and stood up, adjusted his robe so his cock wasn’t hanging out, and walked for the bathrooms.

When he arrived, there was a line of maybe two dozen people.

He groaned. He hated waiting in line for the toilet, listening to everyone else relieve themselves while his bladder was still pent up and full. It was beyond teasing. He shook his head, opting to wait. He decided he’d rather wait somewhere else for the line to die down.

He was on his way back to his room when a familiar voice caught his attention. “Hey, Flint, what are you up to?”

Flint turned. “Hey, Jim.” He smiled, but it didn’t last. “I was going to use the toilet, but…”

Jim chuckled. He was wearing only a pair of small shorts, which revealed an impressive bulge. His chest, bedecked with dirty blond hair, and his slightly protruding belly were bare. “Yeah. Apparently that new drink at dinner, the bubbly one, had a potent diuretic effect. Or so I heard. Lady Cordelia was steaming mad over it. The brewer who did it claimed to not have any idea. Apparently Lord Garnet saw something fishy about the whole thing. Anyway, the brewer may find continued employment difficult.”

Flint swore. “I drank two pints of that. Dear gods…” His bladder complained, more urgently this time.

Jim shook his head. “Me too.” He thought for a moment. “Why don’t we just go out to the courtyard? If it’s just water, we can go in the bushes. We won’t even have to use a pass.”

Flint wanted to refuse, but then he looked back at the line, which was now snaking out of the toilet-room and around the corner. Gods. “... I suppose we have few other choices.” He shook his head. “Besides, it is a nice night.”

“It is.” Jim clapped his shoulder. His hand was sturdy and warm. The two of them crossed the harem building, entering the courtyard, which smelled sweetly of flowers. Jim sat down on a bench, nodding his head towards a verdant hedge behind him. “There’s your bush, lad.”

A teasing sensation tickled through Flint’s cock, reaching its fingers into his abdomen, making his member twitch and his muscles stiffen. He had to pee now. He speedwalked behind the hedge into the two-foot space between the bush and the wall of the building, leaning against the cool brick. He opened his robe, pulling his slender pink cock from the silk. Golden water pattered into the dirt as a soft sigh escaped his lips.

He realized, once the initial pleasantness of the relief wore off, that Jim could definitely hear either his pee hissing from his urethra, splattering against the earth, or both. No matter. Jim was his best friend. They’d shared lovers, peed side by side, squatted back to back to defecate over the same pit. It would be just fine.

It took around twenty seconds for his stream to taper off. Once he was adequately relieved, he shook himself dry, closed his robe, and went to join Jim on the bench. “Done.”

Jim nodded.

“Aren’t you going to pee too?”

Jim shrugged. “I think I’ll hold it. Only I choose when I pee. Myself, and my lord and lady. No smartmouthed brewer gets control of my bladder.”

Flint sighed. “I wish I had your confidence. I have suffered too much injury on account of spite. At this point in my life, I would rather be comfortable.”

Jim shrugged. “Fair.” He looked out across the courtyard. Somehow, his pose was entirely relaxed. Flint thought that his bladder must be filling, too, if indeed he had drank of the diuretic like he had claimed. But he showed no signs of any discomfort. Flint decided he wouldn’t bring it up.

They talked for a while, about nothing in particular, in the manner of old friends. Flint suffered a persistent, teasing tickle on his thigh, the fault of a mosquito. Scratching it was of little help, and he had left his mosquito-balm in his room. He finally opted to just let his robe hang open over the afflicted skin so he could sate himself at will. Jim had it worse, having not bothered to cover any more of himself than his boxer short region. He suffered one right between his shoulder blades, and had to fetch a stick to scratch himself with. This, of course, was after he got sick of squirming and struggling.

An hour passed before Jim gave the first sign of discomfort. He crossed his legs and sighed. “Wonder if that line has lightened up yet.”

“You know as much as I do.” Flint sighed. “I could use the relief too.” He stood up, stretching, and glanced in the window. He could still see the line, stretching just as far as it had previously. “Bad news.”

Jim shook his head. “Never mind. I’ll live. Are you okay to wait?”

Flint didn’t know how long he’d take to become desperate, but he decided that he’d wait too, if he could, for Jim’s sake. “I can wait, sure.” He sat back down on the bench before slapping a mosquito from his calf. “Damned mosquitoes.”

“Don’t remind me,” Jim grumbled, using his stick to scratch at the bite on his back.

The evening dragged on uneventfully. Jim was quieter now. He seemed to shift more often in his seat. A slight anxious look came over his normally friendly features. Several times, he stood and peered into the window, returning unsatisfied, and increasingly anxious and cranky, each time. Flint seriously started to consider just telling him to go behind the hedge and relieve himself like he had, but he didn’t want to aggravate the situation. When Jim made up his mind, he could be awfully hard to counter-persuade.

The door slammed open, making both of them start. A young woman dashed out onto the lawn, moaning and wailing. She was slim and dark, with her hair in a braided bun, and her round breasts bounced as she wriggled on her toes, holding her crotch tight. Her robe was hanging halfway off her body. She barely got it out of the way before she doubled at the waist. A strong blast of pee shot out from her, jetting a full foot as she fell to her hands and knees. She moaned loudly and shamelessly.

Despite the teasing sensation in Flint’s own bladder, he couldn’t tear his eyes away. He wondered if she’d tried to wait in line. He wondered how much of the drink she’d imbibed. He wondered if she’d used up her potty passes, and couldn’t go to the real toilet. He wondered if she’d tried to push her way into the bathroom and had been shoved away by other desperate toilet-goers. He wondered if she’d tried to find a bucket or pot or something else and failed, or if she was already so desperate that she’d just run outside.

It was easily forty-five seconds before her stream tapered off. She sat there for a few moments, her breasts heaving, before managing to stand up, pull her robe around herself, and stagger back inside.

Flint looked over to see Jim gripping his cock through his shorts. Sweat was beading on his brow, more so than would be normal for the warm night. His legs were clenched tightly together. His bladder was obviously very full.

Flint had no idea what to do. Should he walk away from Jim and leave him to torment himself in peace? Should he stick by the side of his kindly friend, who had done so much to ease his distress, and say nothing? Should he try to force Jim to pee? He felt helpless in the face of what was, knowing Jim, maybe a liter of urine. Strange. A mere waterskin’s worth of liquid is causing us both such distress.

“Flint.” Jim’s voice sounded shaky. “Is that damned line any shorter?”

Flint walked to the window. The line was, if possible, even longer. Some people were splitting off, visibly uncomfortable, and making for other places. Flint’s stomach sank. Rosemarie, another harem-girl, was dashing for the courtyard door.

“... Flint, please.” Jim’s voice was weak.

“... I’m so sorry.” Flint felt sick. He sat back by his friend and lay a comforting hand on his shoulder. “You should really just…”

He was cut off by Rosemarie bursting through the doors. “I gotta go! I gotta go so baaad! Oooooh~!” She dashed towards a small tree, tore down her panties, popped a squat and let loose a veritable river against its roots, as well as several deep, brassy farts. To Flint’s further dismay, she cried out an “Oh, it feels so good!”

Flint heard Jim swear. “Fuck this,” he grumbled. He seemed to think for a second before shifting to the edge of his seat. He grumbled, fidgeting with his fly. “Shit… shit… shit!”

He stood up, ripping down his boxers, before flopping back down, opening his thighs wide. His member began dribbling urine as soon as his boxers were down. He pointed his cock away from the bench, relaxed his grip, and let loose with a hard groan. “Oh, fuck.” His head fell back against the back of the bench, and his back arched. His waters blasted into the distance, a gossamer arch against the setting sun, golden filigree decorating the view.

Flint’s own bladder griped at him. I might as well. He opened his robe, turning from Jim so he wouldn’t accidentally pee on his friend , pointed his own cock, and let go.

Pattering waters and soft sighs and moans were all that were heard in the courtyard for the next moment. Flint was fully empty and tucked away before Jim had fully emptied. Rosemarie finished first, wiping herself on a leaf and walking back inside, notably more sprightly than before.

A full minute had passed before Jim was done. When his stream finally tapered off, he shook himself, pulling his shorts back up. “Oh, gods. I don’t think I’ve had to go that bad in years.”

Flint shook his head. I could have told you so. “Next time you have to go, just go. That line isn’t shortening anytime soon.” As if on cue, another man speedwalked from the building and headed for the bushes. “See? We’re not the only ones.”

“I think the first two girls pretty much established that,” Jim sighed. “Hopefully, by the time I have to go next, the line will have shortened. I’m damn close to finding that brewer and pissing in his barrels.”

Flint laughed. “I’ll join you. We could probably get some of those girls to help us.”

Jim just chuckled. They sank into a comfortable silence. They both peed a few more times that night. By the time they stood up to go inside, the earth in front of them was warm and muddy from their waste. They figured that the earth in the courtyard would suffer that in a few places.

Oh well. At least it was good for the grass.

