Love is War: Urgent Trouble

Author: PomEmy

*000*2021-07-08 01:50

Hello All!

I am back with another wonder fiction from the great @AuthorFaust. My friend @Infecteddeer12 helped fund my degeneracy with another Comm from Faust. Faust, as you may or may not know, is one of the best authors within our community. He writes really good and his commissions are open almost all the time so you should really give him a holler. His DMs are always open on discord and probably here too.

Anyways that's enough shilling for Faust. This fiction is set in the world of Love is War. I hope you all enjoy:

They say love is a battlefield, and whoever confesses first loses...But, today’s battlefield isn’t like our usual instances.

“Shinomiya, has Fujiwara returned with the reports I asked her to get?” a stern, serious voice called, belonging to the student council president. A boy with blonde hair, sharp blue eyes, and a steely face enforced by what looked like a mean half-glare.

“I have them right here, President Shirogane,” Shinomiya: a slender girl with black hair tied up with a ribbon, an icy cold, red eyed glare, and an air of elegance about her retorted, holding up a manila folder. “She said she was going to be back in a few minutes, and we can start our discussion.”

“Excellent…” the president stated to his Vice president, closing his eyes and giving a small smile. The two seemed to be the air of professionalism…

“Heyyo, I’m baaaaaaaack!”

“Why did you have to bring me…?”

Which was immediately dashed by the doors flying open to show a buxom, perky girl with pink hair (Dotted with a ribbon), and a sour, gloomy boy with deep blue hair covering one of his eyes (Which were fixated on a gaming console in his hands). A pair of polar opposites, as the president and his VP turned.

“Nice of you to join us, Fujiwara,” Shirogane called. “And you brought Ishigami too.”

“Well yeah! We can’t enjoy this black tea without our whole council.”

“Kill me.”

“Black tea…?” Shinomiya sounded out, as the pink haired girl started setting out a tray she pulled from one of the rooms in the council office.

“Uh huh! My Mom got me this super expensive tea from another country,” the pinkette mused. “It’s supposed to be something that’ll ‘Cleanse the body and mind!’ or some jazz like that!”

“I’m not much for tea…” Shirogane started, as the blue haired boy glanced at the box.

“Yeah, especially when it’s got more caffeine than your coffee,” Ishigami pointed out, likely further knocking the tea..

“WELL I GUESS I CAN GIVE IT A TRY THEN.”

…

There was a mild silence over the room at this, save for Fujiwara, who kept preparing the tea without anyone else’s input. It wasn’t that Shirogane had a caffeine addiction, he was just feeling a touch sluggish after only like, two or three coffees before school, and he had to be alert and ready for action during their meeting, that’s all.

“Well...I’m quite fond of tea...” Shinomiya stated, adopting her usual, elegant stance in her chair. She’d known Fujiwara for years, so exotic teas and such were par for the course for the pinkette.

“Gh...Well, I mean… I guess I can try a cup...” Shirogane suddenly added, averting his gaze from the black haired girl.

Shinomiya gave a small grin, and if one looked very closely, they could see her hand clenching in a fist of victory…..

‘Yes… by making yourself seem eager over something I’m fond of..’ the girl recounted in her head. ‘It’s like you’re submitting to my whims…. Like a subservient husband who says ‘Yes dear’ no matter her requests…. This is a victory for me, Shirogane...’

“I kinda like tea too,” the blue haired boy called, looking up from his console. “You really should try some more kinds, Prez. I’m guessing you haven’t had many flavors if you can just be swayed by the caffeine.”

“Ahhhh, yes. You should show me sometime, Ishigami,” Shirogane quickly piggybacked, and if one looked closely, could see him clenching his fist in victory under the desk.

‘Yes…. Thank you Ishigami! This is like the Aquarium all over again. Except, this time it’s with tea! This way though, I don’t look like i’m just trying to appease Shinomiya by wanting to drink tea after she said she’s fond of it! Now, it’s just like we’re a bunch of dudes being bros and drinking tea together!’

The president and his vice president were…. Strange when it came to these confrontations, but it wasn’t long before the pinkette returned with a piping hot teapot, and several cups.

“Alright! Tea’s on, everyone!” Fujiwara called out, as the group collectively raised their glasses.

…

……

“Oh wow, this is really good.”

“I know, right? My Mom’s the best.”

“I think you steeped the leaves too long in this one..”

“Did NOT.”

“I think it’s lovely, Fujiwara.”

“Oh really? Have another cup then, i insist! No more for you though, unappreciative Ishigami.”

“Whatever…”

“Man, i can really feel my energy soaring..”

The group chatted lightly over the tea, sipping and chuckling away, dashing away any sense of seriousness between them all. Just a bunch of friends, enjoying some tea……

But, as with most battles, there’s got to be…

“Hnngh..”

“Ah..!”

A conflict of interests. As the group were slowly idling with their work (or game, in ishigami’s case), the President and his Vice both suddenly felt the tea’s resonating effects coming into play, full force.

No doubt about it….

“I have to pee..!’

“I need to pee.!”

They both needed a bathroom break.

Shirogane was used to having to endure long stretches of work, with little time to himself. Be it from working his multiple jobs, then coming to school, or enduring hour after hour of studying for his exams, while having to wait until the dead of night to leave his shared bedroom to avoid waking his sister…..

Whereas Shinomiya was from a wealthy family, who wanted for functionally nothing, and weren’t usually troubled by such things as bodily urges. Sure, she used the bathroom when she needed, but she hadn’t been in enough strenuous situations to understand just how overbearing the urge could be. Normally, this would mean she was at a disadvantage, but..

‘Dammit… how many did i even have...’ Shirogane thought. ‘Two...Three..four cups? Add that to my coffees, and…. Damn...’

The president quietly shifted his legs under the table, crossing at the thighs, and trying to suppress his body’s need, without giving away weakness. He could already hear her voice in his head…

‘Oh, You need to pee after only a few cups of tea? My Dear President, I didn’t think you had such a small bladder. You know, that’s really…..Quite Cute.’

No, he couldn’t give in…! Not after that!

‘Nnn… I have to go, but I don’t want to go out alone...’ Shinomiya thought to herself, glancing at the others. True, normally she didn’t bother retaining excessive waters, and would politely excuse herself at any moment….But, given all of the drinks they’d shared, and Ishigami deflecting her victory from before, she could only glance up at Shirogane with a renewed contempt….

Their gazes met, and it was clear…. .. The battle before had been inconclusive, but now? It was a battle of bladders. The first person who excused themselves to the bathroom would show weakness, and as such, be obligated to succumb to the other’s will… Which would undoubtedly end up in them having to confess their love, and lose the war of pride.

“So Fujiwara, I heard you were going on a vacation again?” Shinomiya started, tenting her hands as her legs tensed up. “Some place called… Splash Mountain?”

The sudden, mental imagery of splashing meant water, and though she had steeled herself, she knew making the first strike would throw Shirogane off kilter…. And no doubt push him towards submitting.

“Oh yeah! The rides are like Woosh, and Splash, and Ka-splish, and Ssssshwaaa!” Fujiwara beamed, blissfully unaware to the shaking of the President with each word.

“S..So, what’s that game you’re playing Ishigami?” Shirogane called after re-crossing his legs. “Something about a….water Temple?”

“Hm..? Oh, It’s just a remake of an old Invendo Sixty four game.” the gloomy gamer called, holding up the small console. “This one’s real tricky, cause the water level has to Rise and fall a lot. You gotta make it flood, and make it empty at times too.”

Shinomiya trembled slightly at the words, having not expected to be fired back at so quickly, as a hand rested in her lap… and secretly applied pressure whenever Shirogane wasn’t looking.

It was a slow battle, but one that would have to end soon……

Which is why, by the course of two hours later, the Presidential figures were both writhing in abject agony, having nearly forsaken their own potshots at each other, in the hopes of merely outlasting one another.

‘C..Calm down Shirogane...’ the president told himself. ‘She’s a slender girl… She’s got to give in soon...’

‘Come on…! Just give up..! I know you had three coffees this morning too...’ Shinomiya mentally chided, trembling, shaking, and rocking back and forth in her seat, modesty be damned. She could feel the pressure building in her lower body, but she wouldn’t submit… Not yet… Not before…

“Hm.. Oh, right Prez… How absurd is that thing about the bathrooms?” Ishigami suddenly piped up. “Do you really think,somebody found a...”

“Gah..! bathrooms!!” the pinkette suddenly chimed in, perking up. “Nnngha… Don’t talk about those! I’ve been holding that tea in for like, an hour now! I was trying not to think about it, but you just...”

Shirogane knew he had only a moment to react, so he turned at this, and glanced at Ishigami, then Shinomiya. He squeezed himself under his desk, and began his last barrage of mental warfare, looking to the blue haired boy for support.

“Hey, wasn’t there a joke about girls all going to the bathroom together?” he suddenly called. “Something about… ..Making it in, or something?”

“Uh...I don’t think that’s how the bathroom joke goes..”

“Gh…!!! I can’t take it anymore..!” Fujiwara called, shaking and writhing with her whole body. “Kaguya, pleaaaaaase…! We gotta goooo.”

“Hm? G..Go? N..No, I’m f..f..f..f.fine...r..re..really…!” the black haired girl remarked, a hand trembling. “I..in..in..infact i’m kind of th..thirsty...again...could you...p..p..pour us some..more..tea?”

Shirogane winced at the mere thought of it, but Fujiwara merely let out a soft wail, and grabbed the black haired girl.

“Noooooo..Nonononono..Notea! No tea, only pee!” she bellowed, starting to drag the girl out of the office.

‘No….!’

‘Yes…!’

The two’s positions in war had been reversed…. Though, Shirogane wasn’t sure he could call it a victory, when Fujiwara was involved. Shinomiya didn’t really have a choice in the matter, but either way…

“Prez, you did tell Fujiwara the bathrooms are closed down today, right?” Ishigami stated, sending a chill that had nothing to do with urges down his spine. “And…. Vice prez too...yeah?”

….

“Uhhh..Yeah...Of course i did...” Shirogane called with as cool of a tone as he could manage… having forgotten about the issue completely himself. There was a long pause, before Ishigami stood up, and went to the door himself.

“I feel like i’m gonna piss my pants, so I’m going home.”

“Uh...Okay... ” Shirogane called, breathing an internal sigh of relief. ”But uh, Don’t piss yourself.” Followed by an incessant pang of his bladder.

Meanwhile, the two girls scurried through the hallways, Fujiwara leading with a fevered rush, towards an attempt at proper relief…..

During which, Shinomiya finally gave into her feminine instincts, and squeezed herself tightly without care of who could see.

‘It’s okay… It’s just a bathroom break…’ she thought to herself. ‘And.. And I didn’t even go out on my own! I can just play it off like Fujiwara needed me to go…. Yeah.. This isn’t my loss, This is the break I needed…’

She thought that for a solid ten minutes. She didn’t seem to realize why it was taking so long for Fujiwara to lead her to her destination, until her mind tabbed back in, with her body blaring warning signs of her dismay.

“Aghhhhh..!! Why is THIS bathroom closed too?! It’s like the school’s water system was shut down after hours or something!”

….

Suddenly, Shinomiya felt the weight of Splash Mountain, Fujiwara’s vacation destination all start to crash down on her body at once, and her mind wandered to various, water themed rides…

A large pool slide…. A Water Log Ride. A large inflatable crashing down the riverside…. A big, open pool, full of warm, bubbly water…

“Screw it, I'm going here! Cover me, Kaguya!”

Sssssshh..sshhhhhhhhhs…..sssssssh

The sounds were lovely, as were the other sensations.…. Shinomiya could almost hear the laughter of children, and the rush of water already, as a warmth spread across her body, from head to toe, from a flush in her cheeks, to a stirring at her skirt, and little rivers running down her inner thighs..

It was relaxing...It was liberating...It was oh so pleasant, and brought a wide smile to her face, as she happily sighed.…

“Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh…”

“Ahhhh..!!! Kaguya!!! Did you just…?”

[Results for Today’s battle: Kaguya loses]

Meanwhile, back at the office, Shirogane had stood up from his desk finally, and staggered to the door.

“I can’t… let them see me like this...” he thought out loud, grunting as he squeezed his dick with his hands, and hobbled down the hallway, glancing about for pink, or black hair. He was the top student, he was the student council president, and he was a self-made man.. A commoner, in the school of the elite, the wealthy, and the similarly talented….

So, every step he took was with pride, with dignity, with grace…

“Ghh...Aghh..!”

And with every step, a sputter of aggressively restrained liquid shame, as it slowly started pooling in his uniform. He passed by the many bathrooms in the school, knowing each and every one was locked due to the repairs on the sewage system it all trailed to. Each one, a denied salvation…

Each floor, he lost more ground on the battlefield of dignity…. And as he got to the outdoors, where he could see his bike, he felt a rush of hope.

He could get on his bike, pedal to the nearest convenience store, and barge into the bathroom there! Sure, he might have to buy something afterwards, but he had just enough money in his excess expenditures fund to cover an emergency such as this.

Yes, the warmth of hope rushed through him…

Sssshh..ssssssshhhhh

“Gah...ahhhhhhhhhh…”

As his body finally succumbed to the excessive amount of caffeine and liquid in his body, forcing it out sputtering spray, by gushing spray. By the time he finally acknowledged he had lost his battle, his pants were already soaked from crotch to ankle, and his legs felt like wobbling jelly, on a hot summer’s day.

“Ahh...ahhhhhhh… haaaaaah…”

He couldn’t fight it anymore. The tea had taken its course through his body, and finally made its way through his exit. His shoulders slumped, his eyes fluttered closed, and against his will…

Shirogane had relaxed, and finally let his liquid tensions go.

[Results for today’s battle: Shirogane Loses too]

