Omovember 2021: Day 23

Author: PPP

*000*2021-11-29 05:22

$$

###

Day 23: Wetting skintight clothes Gwen Stacy (Spider-Gwen)

###

Wind rushed past Gwen Stacy as she plummeted from the bridge, her vision blurring in front of her. She could hear the evil laughter above her, and the rush of the river below her.

Not good, was Gwen’s only thought. Then she stretched one hand out and shot a sticky rope-like web upwards. It stuck to the very bottom of the bridge, turning her uncontrolled fall into a graceful swing. Cold droplets sprayed as she glided under the bridge, skimming the surface of the water. When Gwen reached the apex of her swing, she shot another web, this time hitting one of the arches towering above her. She used it to scale the bridge like a rock climber, and just like that, she was back in the fight.

Perched atop the column, it was clear that Hobgoblin thought he had won. He never saw the web that engulfed him, wrapping him up like a present. The villain struggled against his bonds, but it was no use.

“Just like a fly,” said Gwen with a smirk. Years ago, she had been bitten by a radioactive spider, giving her incredible powers. Now, she patrolled New York City as the superheroine Spider-Woman. Gwen ignored Hobgoblin’s curses and protests, and simply fired a strand of web at a nearby skyscraper and swung away.

Gwen’s momenntum sent her soaring over the city to land on a rooftop, scattering some roosting pigeons. She took a moment to catch her breath; it had been a busy night. In addition to Hobgoblin, she had captured Kraven the Hunter and stopped a bank robbery by Scorpion. As Gwen stretched out, she felt a familiar pressure in her midsection. She realized at once what it meant, and wasn’t surprised; after all, she had been fighting crime for hours with no bathroom breaks.

No biggie, Gwen thought. My patrol’s almost done; one more sweep should do it. Hopefully it’ll just be some street-level crime.

“-all units, calling all units! Backup requested, urgent!”

Gwen’s heightened senses easily picked up the police broadcast from several blocks away.

“Currently engaged with superhuman hostile, repeat- aaagh!”

The call was cut short, but Gwen was already on her way, swinging from roof to roof with ease.

When she arrived on the scene, Gwen didn’t understand what was wrong at first. Several officers were sprawled out in an alley, lying in a massive puddle of water. Then the liquid shifted, forming a human shape, and she understood: it was Hydro-Man, a shape-shifting supervillain. Gwen’s bladder tingled uncomfortably at the sloshing noises he made, but she didn’t let that stop her. She leapt right into the fight and fired a web at Hydro-Man, but the projectile passed harmlessly through his liquid form. The villain snarled at his challenger and shot a high-pressure stream of water from his hand. Gwen easily rolled out of the way, and the blast tore through the wall behind her. More blasts followed, but she managed to evade every one of them.

Gwen felt her bladder spasm, and she winced as a few drops of urine leaked out.

Gotta end this quickly, she thought. Looking around, her eyes fell on one of the fallen officer’s belts, and the taser that was strapped to it. Gwen snatched the weapon, aimed at Hydro-Man, and pulled the trigger. The darts hit him square in the chest, and the villain howled in pain as electricity flowed through him. He collapsed to the ground and lay there twitching.

The police officers were beginning to stir, so Gwen decided to leave the defeated Hydro-Man to them. Plus, by this point, she really needed to pee. Gwen swung away, hoping to find some out-of-the-way place to relieve herself. She landed in an abandoned alley and began struggling to get her suit off. Unfortunately, that was when her bladder decided it had been too long.

“No!” Gwen cried as she tried in vain to stop herself from leaking. It was no use; she felt her crotch grow warm and wet. She groaned in embarrassment and discomfort. Wetting herself would have been bad enough, but Gwen’s suit was so tight that instead of running down her legs, her pee instead pooled up around her groin. She looked down and cringed at the growing patch of darkness.

The mortifying ordeal seemed to go on for ages, but Gwen’s bladder was eventually empty. She stood there in shock, red-faced beneath her mask.

I can’t believe that happened, she lamented. This feels so gross!

Gwen looked up and saw the sun rising. At least now she would be able to take a break and change out of her soiled costume.

“If anyone asks, Hydro-Man did it,” she grumbled.

###

Up next: In a container

