Torn pages from the diary

Author: peeacsfan

*000*2024-05-20 18:03

At one time, I periodically met with a girl - a student University. She studied at the Faculty of Psychology, lived in a dormitory. Somehow Once, after the end of the second year, she called me and asked to come to help pack her things - she returned to her home for the summer. In That day I was completely free and did not refuse her request. She had things A lot, and my friend was afraid that she would miss the train. While she was packing suitcases, and then went to take out the garbage, I was pulling something out of the mezzanine. In For a moment I caught on the edge of the cardboard, and found that between it and Something is hidden by the wall. 

I folded back a thin sheet of paper, and pulled out a few sheets of paper torn out of a notebook written with a pen. At that moment, she returned my friend, and I automatically put them in my pocket. Then he accompanied her to Train. And only a month later he found a find in his pocket. I unfolded the sheets, and Then, without looking up, with pleasure and slight amazement, he read what he had written. These were apparently sheets torn out of the girl's personal diary. Circumscribed one day struck with such a frank text that, in all likelihood, the The writer decided to snatch this day from her life, but did not dare to destroy it, hidden in a secret place. Who is this girl? I don't know anything about this, but You can learn about one day in her life, which she told from all over Frankness.

"Fuck! I went through such a thing today! It's kind of creepy to even write about it! I haven't told anyone yet, and maybe I won't even tell. If only Masha, and even then he knows - suddenly he will talk to Sveta later, and then she will tell everyone Tell. Even here I don't know how to write yet. In general, the day was very strange to me. So strange! I've never experienced this before! Nor Once! Now, if I write about what happened today, it will be a hundred poods The diary will not be shown to anyone at all! Even Masha! Okay. In general this morning I had to go to the Pushkin Reserve. That's what I thought, that as the most correct one, I would go there from the whole class. I approached the bus, and I realized that I would be alone, like a fool today. There was no one else I knew. And Yes! The bus was branded, double-decker. We probably thought that there was a lot of There will be those who want to go on this excursion. Ha! There were only 20 people there, and even then all Adults. And some other kid. In general, everyone sat downstairs, and I was with the player and a bottle of water on top. There are very comfortable chairs up there, I reclined my back, I turned on the music, well, I think, okay, at least ride the bus. If only The tour did not drag on. In general, we go, well, in about half an hour I realize that I want to go to the toilet.

How many To go to the reserve - who knows. We were told, but I listened to everything as usual, Or she was wearing headphones as always. Yes, I think, and to hell with them. If they stop, then And I'll go. Let's move on. After a while, I wanted to go to the toilet even more, I think it would be more likely to stop. And to go down and ask me, of course, was scrapped. The state is relaxed, she seems to be comfortable, wearing headphones music. But damn, my bladder was breaking off all the buzz. In short, I I slipped it under my skirt - oh, I think no one sees anyway, but at least it's easier this way. Her hips clenched, her hand between them and seemed to be tolerable. But after a while, everything I also realized that this would not save. Then I remembered that it was Masha She told me whether she read it in a magazine or said on TV that it was in such a situation, you need to distract yourself and think about something else. In general, I think that We need to think about something else. And then, for some reason, I thought about Pasha from the tenth Class.

And after that, in short, strange things began to happen to me. To me For some reason, I felt very good and wanted to think about him even more. And the more I began to think about him, the more I wanted to crawl on the seat in the bus. I was very pleased to do so. And then, oh my God! I'm scared about it tell... And then I got a little scared because my panties got wet And I thought that I had gone a little crazy! But not a fig! I froze and realized that I still want to go to the toilet. I switched my thoughts again, looked out the window, and then she began to introduce Pasha again. I wanted to intensify this feeling, And then I ran my fingers between the panties. It was very humid and slippery there. I I began to press my palm harder, stroke myself there, and I wanted to continue to do this. It was so cool!! And when the bus vibrated, This gave an additional feeling. On the contrary, I wanted us not to stopped, and drove longer. Then, after a while, in the mouth It became dry, and I drank more water. Then I moistened my hand, and launched it back. But as soon as I remembered Pasha, when he ran half-naked in physical education class, Everything got wet again and I got high.

Through for some time we passed the sign "Reserve 15km". Pleasant sensations already They began to retreat, and instead of them I really wanted to go to the toilet! Moreover Nothing helped! The only thing that calmed us down was that we were almost there. I took it out hand, sat down straight and bliiiin! Only then did I realize that I REALLY WANT TO PEE! At last we arrived, and I struggled to get up from my seat. I barely even straightened up! Below Everything hurt and ached. I straightened my skirt and began to go downstairs. I don't know, maybe everything The rest were not people, but robots, or somehow everything is arranged differently – No one seems to have suffered as much as I did! Oh, well, really, I drank a lot of water. But Doesn't matter. We got off the bus, the guide, an elderly lady in glasses with horns frames, we are already greeted. I think I'll take you somewhere now, and the first thing I'll do I rush to the TOILET, and there I have Pushkin, or Lermontov. And not a damn! She is In her raspy voice, she immediately began to tell us that in these places Alexander Sergeevich often visited, and that famous lines were born here... However, I didn't care what the lines were. 

I turned on the player and didn't listen to it. True, I couldn't listen to music either - I just wanted to go to the toilet terribly, And I tried to ask her something. I just imagined how I will interrupt her fiery, lofty speech, and ask where I can go to the toilet... Then we climbed up some plain for a long time. The aunt did not stop not for a minute, and she had a stupid habit - she would look at someone, She asks a question, and then answers it at length. In general, we climbed, And I was just stupidly dying! And there was nothing like a toilet around. And I also wanted to ask at that moment, Pushkin himself, when he was Here, where did he go to the toilet? We were just crossing the bridge, and then We went to the monument. With the last of my strength, I trailed after everyone like a wounded woman sheep, and I didn't care about anything anymore - I wildly wanted to relieve myself!! And I've already I couldn't think of anything else! The lower abdomen ached with terrible force, each The step reverberated with pain, and my head simply did not comprehend anything! If I were As a first-grader, I would probably burst into tears on the spot. But not a fig! I was plodding And endured. Then we stopped, the guide continued to talk, everyone stood up near the monument to Pushkin, and I stood a little apart from everyone. It was still standing worse than walking. I crossed my legs, but it didn't help a damn thing! I felt that Soon I will sit down, but I did not understand what to do. And so it stood until I felt that it was getting warm between my legs and my panties were wet. I squeezed tightly legs and peeed a little. I felt how warm it became. I did it again and a warm stream flowed down my legs... While she was telling the story of the monument, It has already become a little better. Then they moved forward, and I moved a little bit I slowed down, hid behind the monument. At my disappearance, no one even I paid attention. As soon as everyone was out of sight, I quickly sat down and I finally went to the toilet normally!!

Overtake I didn't want them, and I decided to go back to the bus. Crossed the bridge, I looked around, made sure that there was no one around. I went to the river and rinsed my feet. The door to the bus was open, the driver was dozing, and I quietly returned to the your place. His underpants were wet and cold. I took them off. I thought that I would dress like We will only drive up to the city. He was hungry. I had sandwiches, I'll unwrap them..."

At this point, the sheet ends.

