Petrified, Have to Pee

Author: PPP

*000*2019-10-31 04:14

The first of my stories from this thread: 

$/52533-which-story-part-2/

 - has been finished! Originally, this was supposed to be about Hermione being desperate after being petrified, but due to the new policy I had to change the focus to an older character who was petrified as well. I hope you understand.

###

“‘Its methods of killing are most wondrous, for aside from its deadly and venomous fangs, the Basilisk has a murderous stare, and all who are fixed with the beam of its eye shall suffer instant death. Spiders flee the Basilisk, for it is their mortal enemy, and the Basilisk flees only from the crowing of the rooster, which is fatal to it.’ Of course!” Hermione Granger slammed the book shut, everything falling into place. The mysterious petrifications that had been plaguing Hogwarts made sense now! Wracking her mind, Hermione realized why nobody had died: they all must have seen the basilisk in reflections instead of meeting its gaze directly. She had to tell the professors! Making sure that Madam Pince, the ill-tempered librarian, wasn’t looking, Hermione tore the page on the basilisk out of the book and stuffed it into her bag. She exited the library, trying not to look too suspicious.

Hermione was headed straight for the headmaster’s office when a disturbing thought stopped her in her tracks. What if she ran into the basilisk before she could warn McGonagall? Then she realized where she was: directly in front of one of Hogwarts’ many girls’ bathrooms. Hermione grinned as a solution presented itself and she dashed inside.

“Come on, come on, there has to be one,” she muttered to herself. Sure enough, there was; atop one of the sinks was a small silver hand mirror. Hermione pocketed it and made for the exit. She held out the mirror and looked down the corridor behind her. The coast was clear. Hermione breathed a sigh of relief and dashed down the hall.

It was a long way to the headmaster’s office, and every time Hermione reached a corner, she would look around it using the mirror. That way, if the basilisk did approach, she would only see the reflection. Hermione peeked around yet another corner and saw an older girl approaching. She looked rather hurried, and Hermione recognized her as Penelope Clearwater, Ravenclaw prefect.

Excellent, Hermione thought. The more people I can warn, the better.

“Excuse me!” she called, and Penelope stopped in her tracks.

“Er, can I help you?” asked the prefect. She seemed confused by a Gryffindor approaching her.

“Yes, as a matter of fact you can,” said Hermione, and she launched into a detailed explanation of the monster that had petrified the students.

“Oh my,” breathed Penelope once the younger girl was finished. “We have to tell Professor McGonagall!”

“That’s just what I was one my way to do,” said Hermione.

“Very well then,” said Penelope, turning away and resuming her hurried walk.

“Wait! Where are you going?” cried Hermione.

“Look,” said Penelope, turning red, “I ,er, really need to use the loo.”

Sure enough, Hermione could see her starting to fidget.

“But it’s not safe!” Hermione protested.

“It’s just around the corner,” Penelope reassured her. “I’ll be fine.”

“Then look ahead with this first,” said Hermione, taking out the mirror again.

“Very well,” said Penelope. The two girls peered around the corner together. Hermione had the briefest glimpse of something green and huge in the mirror. Then everything went black.

###

“-we go, she’s back now.”

Hermione sat bolt upright and looked around. She was in the hospital wing. Madame Pomfrey was standing next to her, holding a pitcher filled with potion. And if she was in the hospital wing, that meant...

“The basilisk!” cried Hermione. “Madame Pomfrey, the monster, it’s-”

“It’s okay, Hermione,” Pomfrey reassured her. “The basilisk is dead. I believe your friends Harry and Ron were responsible.”

Why am I not surprised? thought Hermione. “And the petrified students?”

“They are all fine,” said Madame Pomfrey. “I was just about to revive the last one.”

She tipped the last of the potion down Penelope Clearwater’s throat. The girl gave a shudder and opened her eyes.

“Ugh, what happened?” groaned Penelope. As Madame Pomfrey launched into an explanation, Hermione noticed that the older girl was fidgeting in her bed. As soon as Madame Pomfrey was finished, Penelope rushed out the door. Hermione followed, wondering what was going on.

“Where are you going?” she called. Penelope turned to face her, and Hermione saw that she was bouncing on the balls of her feet and had her hands jammed into the crotch of her skirt.

“Isn’t it obvious?” Penelope snapped.

Of course, Hermione thought. She never got the chance to relieve herself before she was petrified. Her bladder must be bursting right now.

As Penelope dashed into a nearby bathroom, Hermione was glad she had visited one before her trip to the library. Then she realized which bathroom it was.

“Oh no! Moaning Myrtle!”

Hermione entered the bathroom and saw it was a mess. There was water all over the floor and… was that blood? Before she could say anything, Penelope threw open a stall door and gasped as the ghostly form of Moaning Myrtle appeared.

“Hermione, you’re back,” she said. “You haven’t come to see me for a long time.”

“I, er, meant to,”said Hermione, “but I’ve been petrified for the last several weeks.”

“Excuses, excuses,” grumbled Myrtle. “Your two friends didn’t come until they needed me for something. I do have feelings, you know.”

“I’m so sorry,” said Hermione, stepping on eggshells. She knew how sensitive Myrtle could be. She was about to continue when Penelope interrupted.

“Excuse me,” she said, fidgeting worse than ever, “but I don’t suppose you could move aside? I’m dying for a wee.”

Upon hearing this, Myrtle flew into a rage.

“Oh, you’re dying, are you?” she screamed. “That’s rich, saying that to someone who’s already dead!”

Myrtle screeched and water spurted from every sink and toilet, flooding the bathroom even more.

“Myrtle, please!” Hermione pleaded. “She just needs to use the lavatory; she didn’t mean to offend you.”

“Well maybe she’ll keep that in mind next time,” huffed Myrtle, vanishing back into her toilet.

“Ooh, this is not good,” moaned Penelope. She had moved past fidgeting and was now dancing back and forth, holding her crotch tighter than ever.

“There has to be another bathroom nearby,” said Hermione. “We could-”

“Agh!” squeaked Penelope, and Hermione heard what sounded like a drop of water falling.

“Look away!” the older girl cried. Hermione was about to ask why, then she saw Penelope squat down and lift up her skirt. Hermione had the briefest glimpse of her bum before she obliged and turned around. She heard a loud hissing, followed by a continuous splashing sound. She blushed and covered her ears as Penelope relieved herself less than five feet away.

It took a long time, but eventually the sounds subsided.

“Okay, I’m done,” said Penelope, tapping Hermione on the shoulder. The younger girl turned around and saw that Penelope’s face was even redder than hers. She also saw a huge patch of yellow in the water on the floor. Honestly, she was a little impressed that anyone could hold that much urine.

“I can’t believe I did that,” groaned Penelope. “It was so humiliating!”

“It’s okay,” said Hermione, “nobody will ever know except me.”

“And me!” came a gleeful voice. Moaning Myrtle reappeared, a wide grin on her face. “I saw the whole thing! Wait until everybody hears about the prefect who took a pee on the floor!”

It didn’t seem possible, but Penelope turned even redder at that.

“Please don’t!” said Hermione (Penelope seemed too embarrassed to speak). “I’ll get Harry and Ron to visit you every week, just please don’t tell anyone!”

Myrtle floated around, looking like she was considering it.

“Very well, then,” she eventually said. “It will stay my little secret.”

“Thank you,” breathed Penelope, relief all over her face.

“You got lucky,” Myrtle chided. “Be sure to show me more respect next time.”

Penelope nodded and the two girls rushed out of the bathroom before the ghost could change her mind.

“Thank you for that,” said Penelope as they walked down the hallway. “I owe you for that.”

Oh, it was no problem,” Hermione replied. “Now let’s get to the Great Hall. It sounds like there’s a feast going on.”

THE END

