A wet hunt of Artemis

Author: pinecone

*000*2022-06-05 18:50

I love the Greek myths and wish there were more stories about goddesses wetting themselves

(English is not my first language)

Artemis, the goddess of the moon and the hunt often left mount Olympus and hunted in the mountains and forests of Greece. Often she was accompanied by maiden nymphs or mortal girls who were the part of her hunt but today, it was not the case. She was on a solitary hunt hunting a dangerous boar that had been known to reek havoc on the nearby villages.

The crescent moon shown it's white light on the clearing at the heart of the forest. There, a small fire had been lit by a log under a large oak tree. A beautiful woman in her late teens sat near the fire looking up at the sky. The tree was enough to shield Artemis from bad weather but still let the moon light threw.

Artemis had a link with the moon and drew power from it when it was in it's presence like now. The light made artemins' skin glow with a faint white light that hung around her. It also outlined more the curve of her beautifully sculpted body. Her arms were long and slender but still had lots of muscle as a sign that she knew how to use a bow and a hunting knife, her raven black hair was long and it hung down to her chest. Her breasts were a medium size and her stomach was flat. She had a large ass compared with her body. Her legs were like a deer's, muscles rippled whenever she moved and her legs could carry her faster then the wind.

She wore a short sleeveless dress that was made from a soft cool cloth the color of silver. Her dress parted to the each side until it reached the end of her thighs. A metal armor covered her stomach up to her breasts and down to her abdomen. A head band the shape of a crescent moon was on her forehead and two simple silver bands hung from her wrists.

Artemis drank from the water skin she had filled from a nearby stream to the town she had gone to learn more about the boar she was after. It was a hot summer night and it had been a hard journey to the forest. She realized she had drunken all the water in the water skin and cursed herself silently. She felt a weird after taste of the water but thought nothing much of it. It was a drought season and it would bee difficult to refill her water skin.

During the night, Artemis woke to a discomfort in her stomach. It shot a sharp pain as Artemis tried to get up. However, she thought it was just her sleeping in a wrong position and went back to sleep. However, the stomach pains had prevented her from sensing a more urgent matter in her bladder.

Artemis was woken by the song of birds chirping on the trees around her. As she got up, she felt a slight pang in her bladder. Immediately, she realized the state her bladder was in. She felt like going to find a bush but she could not go like that. She would have to break camp first and destroy all the signs she had been here.

The process of breaking camp was torturous for her bladder which had been fuller than Artemis had realized. More than once, her hands flew to her crotch and she had to cross her long legs in order to contain the contents of her bladder that were slushing inside her. The most painful part had been when she had been hiding the trace of the fire. The process had required her to squat down causing her urethra to open and pee to lick into her white panties. Luckily her dress and covered the damage but she could feel the dampness when she reached a hand into her dress and felt her underwear.

Although, it had not made her have an accident, it made a dark patch over her urethra and dampened her underwear. This had reminded Artemis how desperate she was.

Artemis managed to break camp without wetting her dress but she had licked a few more times and her urge grew more with every time it happened. Although immortal, she had taken a human form and it was now causing her great pain and effort. Artemis had been reaching down to grab her knapsack and her bow when a desperate urge hit her, the wave of pain and made Artemis lick even more.

She realized that she would not make it to a bush or find any kind of privacy. She quickly discarded her luggage and set about trying to get into a position to pee. However, the piece of armor prevented her from taking her underwear off and even without the armor, she would have been forced to take the whole dress of in order to relieve herself.

Sweat beaded on her forehead as she worked on her armor. Luckily she managed to get the armor of without completely wetting herself. However, the effort had caused her to release her waters even more until a large dark patch had formed on her dress. The fact that the color was silver made the leak even more obvious. She discarded her armor and flung off her dress in one swift movement.

However, the movement had caused her urethra to finally open. A spray of warm yellow urine stained her panties and escaped into the earth. Her legs gave away as her mind gave up and she stayed there for a long time, kneeling on the ground. A cold breeze made Artemis comeback to earth. She realized that she was naked except for her white bra and her panties that had been white before her accident. It was now yellow and wet. She was about to get up when a group of poachers came out from the forest and into the clearing.

She recognized them from the bar she had visited in the nearby village to find out about the boar. They had been trying to flirt with her not knowing who she was. However, she had slapped their leader and walked out of the Bar. "Well, well. Look here boys, we have found the beauty at the bar and she has just wet herself!" His poachers laughed. "Well, tie her up! We will set camp here tonight."

To be continued

