Disco "Galaktika"

Author: peeacsfan

*000*2024-06-01 09:13

- Well, let's get us a good job here! – Anya made a toast.

- I agree - Olya answered, and the girls made a the first sip of cold beer.

Came Olya and Anya are from the village, entered a pedagogical college, and now, successfully After studying for a week, we decided to master city life for ourselves on Friday evening. We decided to start with the Galaktika disco. After sitting for a couple of hours in the dormitory and drinking beer, the girls set off. They walked and fooled around, and here is the cherished place – Dull, rhythmic beats are already heard, and A simple dance melody on three harmonies. The girls jumped to the beat music, and laughed.

- Owoh e-e-e," Anya babbled, and began to twist the pelvic part around its axis.

- A ha haha," Olya laughed, "Anich, don't make me laugh. And.. This is... Let's go faster.

- Thought I thought, I thought. Time flew by quickly, and you promised everything, - false Anya sang along, at the same time grimacing, imitating a dance, - I thought, I thought, I thought I was buzzing all the ears of a young boy.

Girls We went into the courtyard where the cherished dance paradise, and found a crowd of people wanting to get inside.

- Oops, What is this?! - Olya was indignant, - Are they all here or what?

- Hike Yes. It's okay, we'll break through now, follow me! - Anya took her friend by the hand, and The girls ran forward.

A crowd of drunk teenagers arranged stampede - everyone wanted to get inside. The girls went to ram, and soon found themselves in a crowd. Screams and screams pressed on the eardrums, and the chaotic mass I pushed - everyone tried to go forward.

- Damn, stop pushing, - Olya made a displeased face, but her voice was inaudible in the midst of it Noise.

- Girls! - some one shouted drunk teenager, - let's go fuck!

The girls twisted their faces in disgust. The door at the entrance opened, and the guard let a few lucky people inside. The crowd roared animatedly and tried to ram the entrance.

- Damn, don't push!! – Olga shouted with all her might, but no one paid attention to her request.

Others were already pressing behind teenagers, and now the girls are in the eye of the crowd.

"Anich!" Olya turned loudly to to a friend, but she did not react to it, - ANYCH.. Yes, Anich, do you hear me?

- What?

- I want to go to the toilet!

"Don't you hear me?"

"I want to go to the toilet," she repeated Olga.

- Damn, say it louder, it's okay You can't hear it! Anya shouted.

- I WANT TO GO TO THE TOILET!! –Shouted Olya, making an offended face.

"And what am I going to do?"

- Nothing, - Olya was offended and She defiantly turned away.

Fifteen minutes passed, and since then So far, no one else has been let in. The crowd is a little quiet if It could be called that.

- Wow! It's my favorite song - Anya perked up, and moved right on the spot, hearing Dima's sugary melodies Bilan.

- The door opened again and again Some people passed.

- Forward! Olich, don't sleep!! – Anya was pulling her friend, squeezing through the crowd.

- Uh! Girls, where are you from? – Some short-haired guy was indignant.

"From there," Anya said.

The girls are almost close to the cherished Entrance.

"That's it, Olich, don't piss. Next We must get there! Anya encouraged her friend.

- Hurry up already, - through clenched teeth, Olya said gloomily.

"Hey, what's wrong with you?" What are you? Were you offended by something?

- No! Olya lied.

- Olich, well, I know you. I I see that I was offended.

"I wasn't offended!" – Olga snapped, "I want to piss!!

- Oh, ha, ha, - Olihc, don't make me laugh, otherwise you'll be right now I'll you off, - for some reason my friend cheered up.

- I'm not amused in the slightest, - Olga pursed her lips and was even more offended.

"Hey, Olich." It's good to be offended! Now let's go inside, dance! Let's break away and cheer up!

- I wish they had already let me inside, Olya answered hopefully.

Minute after minute passed, and on The disco was never launched.

- Damn, they are mocking there whether? - Olya was loudly indignant, - when they start launching. I want to go to the toilet!

- I'm already here with you I wanted to," Anya said jokingly

- I'll be soon, - displeased Olya grumbled.

- And you dance like me, and it will be easier," Anya sneered.

- Damn, Anich, I really don't I can tolerate it. Let's go somewhere else?!, - Olya said with a plea in her voice.

- Olich, damn, you're from the oak Did it collapse or what? We've been here for so long Stuck out, made such a path in order to go back?!

"But I'm serious!" I I can't take it anymore! Olya began to panic.

- Well, fuck, well, what can I do To be done? Why break off the disco now because of this? Now we will pass quickly, That's where you'll piss off.

Anya was a leader from the very beginning in relation to them. Olya has always been annoyed by the fact that she always follows the lead of friends, called her selfish to herself. But this is never revealed to her Told. And now the situation was repeated. Olya was angry that this one Anya ignored her request, did it her own way, and what was most offensive - in once again Olya silently yielded to her friend. While the girl silently swallowed the resentment, Pondering her friend's attitude towards her, the front door swung open, and the crowd Again she broke to the coveted entrance.

"All right, Olich, go ahead!" -Already have Anya commanded, pushing her friend to the entrance, "Come on!" Don't slow down!

"Oh, damn, don't push," Olya was almost whimpering.

To the great joy of the girls, they managed to get inside. They were standing in line at the cash register. The music thundered loudly, There was a smell of smoke. At the entrance, an elderly woman checked the tickets, the security guard asked raise his hands, feel everyone who enters, and only after that the lucky one They put a seal on their hands. The queue moved slowly, like at the ticket office grocery store.

- I'm going to really! – Olya said anxiously, but Anya did not react to this statement. From resentment, and even more from her condition, she wanted to cry, but she controlled herself, not allowing her to emotions to win over themselves. To be honest, Olya has always been jealous of her friend in how easy she is to life, she is not shy of anything, never complexes. Olya, on the contrary, sometimes fell into melancholy, was always shy, a little stiff, not talkative, but at the same time they had There was a strong friendship from school. Olya wanted to learn the ease that her friend possessed, and sometimes she succeeded. And today, before disco, Olya gladly agreed to drink alcohol, hoping that he will help her to liberate herself. And, when they left the dormitory, went to the disco, on the way Anya offered to run into the bushes until they came, but Olya was ashamed, thinking to herself that she would endure until the disco. But Anna ran away, not I was embarrassed...

"You know Anich," said Olga, " I shouldn't have gone with you then.

- And? – woke up from immersion in Anya's disco atmosphere.

- I say, I should have been with you I shouldn't have listened to him either.

- Where to go? - Anya did not cut in.

- Well... into the bushes... before They came here.

- Aaa. Well, I'll tell you I asked, you yourself said that you don't want to.

- How did I know that this was the case Everything will take a long time! Olga said. Her voice trembled. She stood crossed legs, - You should know how much I want to piss now. I've never been so strong Wanted.

The queue moved slowly, and At the moment when the girls were buying tickets, the guard launched a new portion who want to burp on the dance floor. Anya went first. "What a selfish girl, only about and thinks to himself - once again A thought flashed through Olya's head, - she knows that I want to go to the toilet, and no, to let me be the first to pass." Then she handed the ticket to the woman, the security guard checked the bag, then felt the girl, put a seal on her hand, and she Finally, I found myself at a disco.

- Hooray! At last! – rejoiced Anya.

- Anich, I'm going to the toilet! Olya said and went to look for the desired place.

The girl looked around, and Found... Another burst. To her horror, she realized that it was a queue to the toilet.

"Is the toilet here?" - hesitated Olga asked a little embarrassedly, - is it a woman's or a man's?

"There's a common one," the young man answered her guy.

- Is he alone here?! I mean... more nowhere else?! Olya asked, trying not to betray panic in her voice.

"If only on the street," he joked somebody.

- While you wait in line, you can I can't wait," the girl said either seriously or jokingly, wanting to do the same to get here.

@@Olya was not in the mood for jokes. Two bottles beer in the dormitory, then on the street alone for two... She had endured it for a long time. One time I only managed to go to the hostel before the road. But so much time has passed since of that moment... Already before the cash register, I could hardly persuade myself to be patient, to hold out just a little bit, thinking that as soon as it goes inside, and the problem, consider it, Solved. And now it turns out that you have to stand in line again, you don't know how to wait a little more... In the lower abdomen, she felt, so much had already accumulated... was not much It hurts, as if someone is tingling inside with needles. And it's probably even good that Pins. Because if it stops tingling, it will be akin to anesthesia... And she won't feel how... Oh, no. At this thought Olga cringed, involuntarily, twitched, and immediately became shy because now everyone would understand what was wrong with her happens, they will guess what state she is in. She didn't want that... If only Anich now in her place she would probably ask loudly and blurt out something like "Let me go, or I'll die now!" And she is in She was actually dying, but the tongue did not turn to say it aloud. After standing like this, minute, the girl realized that she could no longer stand in this line. I had no more strength Not a bit. The girl quickly walked back and almost head-on collided with Friend.

- Well, shall we go dancing? –cheerfully Anya asked her friend.

- No. Anich, I'm going outside. Over there In short, kick-ass, one toilet for the whole disco is shared! I can't wait any longer!

- Duck, you won't go back Go. Damn, should I be alone here then?

- Anich, well, that's it, I'm really more I can't stand it, I'm serious! - Olga involuntarily shifted from foot to foot, silently embarrassed that now everyone will understand that she wants to go to the toilet, and then quickly rushed to the exit.

- Girl, where are you going? –Asked guard, - We don't let him out on the street yet.

"Let me out, please," breathing heavily, as if after a run, Olga said.

- Girl, you can go back and not to hit.

"Let me out, please!" Hear?!!

The guard opened the door, releasing girl, eager to get to the disco, tried to rush forward. Security guard I pushed them away, let the girl out and closed the door. Now Olya was again in the this crowd, which did not decrease, but seemed to have become even larger.

- Hey, when will they start letting you in? –Resented outdoors.

Olga began to make her way through the crowd, but the teenagers reluctantly parted. The girl pushed everyone aside, trying to break through the dense mass of people.

"Well, let me go, let me go, give it to me pass! She turned into the unknown, almost whimpering.

The moment she found herself in the very center of the crowd, the guard opened the doors again, and the mass of people instinctively began to make her way forward, almost knocking Olya off her feet.

"Oh, you bastards, what are you doing?!! Olya was already sobbing, but her voice were drowned out by shrill screams. The girl resisted the crowd with all her might, but the crowd was stronger, and Olya floundered in it like a splinter in the ocean. Suddenly, she It turned out to be squeezed by guys, and while she was pushing people away with her hands, under her skirt at first it became a little damp, and then warm moisture flowed down the tights, and Olya I rushed forward with all my might.

@@When the girl finally got out from the crowd, she rushed out in search of a deserted place. Out of breath, she I turned into the yard, found a relatively secluded place, made sure that there was a There was no one, and only now she looked at how noticeable what was happening to her Happened. Fortunately, it was not so noticeable, if you did not look closely. But it was unpleasant in wet tights. Olya looked around again, just in case, And then she pulled off her pantyhose, and after thinking for a while, rolled them up, then took them out bag from the bag, and wrapped the laundry in it. It was still unpleasant. Underpants too were wet through, and cold at that. Mom told Olya in her teenage years that It is always better to put spare panties in the bag just in case of a firefighter... Olya is only snorted shyly, and never did that. And now she thought that her mother I was right... After all, going to the dormitory in wet underwear did not smile. Olya pulled off I took off my panties, and put them in a bag for pantyhose. Closing the bag, Olya quickly walked I went to the dormitory.

It was scary to walk alone deserted street. It seemed that a maniac would jump out of somewhere, and here she was One walks in a skirt, without underwear... From This thought became uncomfortable. After a while, she noticed that some A car is driving next to her.

"Girl," he said to her The young man, opening the window of the car, "Shall I give you a ride?"

- No, thank you, no need, - said Olga, feeling a heaviness in her stomach from fear...

"Where are you going?" Can I meet you? –Asked stranger.

- I don't meet people on the street.

- Won't you leave the phone number?

- 89********* , - Anya called numbers from memory, at the same time realizing that it was necessary to give the left number, but For some reason, she did not do it.

When she came to the dormitory, Reluctantly, the commandant opened the door and gave a whole lecture to the effect that the dormitory closes at twelve and opens at six in the morning, and that the first and The last time she lets her in is at two in the morning. The girl went up to her room, then went to the shower, lay down on the bed and fell asleep.

In the morning, a friend returned: all Smoky, rumpled, and drunk.

- Hello, Olich! Where have you gone? I'm asleep," she said with a stammering tongue and immediately collapsed into bed straight in clothes.

And in the afternoon, Olya received a call from a young The man to whom she left her phone at night and asked her out on a date. They began dating, and a month later she moved to live with him.

