To Godswick : A Medieval Tale Of Desperation

Author: Pain

*000*2016-05-17 20:17

WARNING : CONTAINS SCAT

The shadows of the afternoon were growing long as the entourage made its way south along the highway, wending past fields and streams and wooded hillsides, led by a pride of bannermen and knights, of sworn swords and free riders over three hundred strong. Over their heads a dozen golden banners whipped back and forth in the western wind, emblazoned with the rampant griffin of Seymour.

In the middle of the column groaned a carriage, a huge wagon of oiled oak and gilded metal pulled by six heavy draft horses and defended by mounted spearmen and archers, front and rear. Curtains of dark blue velvet concealed the carriage's occupant from the world.

Inside, Queen Charlotte sighed and shifted uneasily in her seat. Sitting was getting very uncomfortable.

Four weeks of bad roads had taken them half the realm away to Knavesmire, where Lord Corbet had staged a great tourney to celebrate his son’s wedding to Lord Harner’s daughter, Sisley.

Lord Corbet himself had travelled to Godswick to invite Queen Charlotte for the celebration and request her to be his guest of honor, to which she had agreed.

The tourney had run for a fortnight and Queen Charlotte had stayed there till the end, gracing the event with her august presence and watching the finest knights and noblest lords of the kingdom contend with lance and sword in the fields beneath the towering walls of Knavesmire.

On the final day of the tourney, Charlotte herself had handed fifty thousand golden coins to the champion, thirty thousand to the man who came second, twenty to the winner of the melee, and ten thousand to the victor of the archery competition, and praised all the participants for their valiant efforts on the field.

Though Lord Corbet had prayed her to stay a little longer, the Queen had set back for the capital the very next morning, along with her retinue.

Now, just a day’s ride away from home, Charlotte was thoroughly exhausted, though not of travelling.

She had woken up in her pavilion that morning desperate to empty her bowels, but not wanting to relieve herself anywhere than a privy, she had decided to wait until they reached the King’s Fort.

Now, after hours of holding and waiting, the Queen’s discomfort was beginning to show. Her need had grown much worse than what it was in the morning and restlessness now crawled under her skin.

All that shit had been ramming at her hole for weeks now, telling her to open the gates so it could come out, but the Queen had clenched her ass tight shut every time the urge came to her. She had been holding it from the day they left the capital ten weeks ago, unwilling to go anywhere than her own privy, though she used the chamber pot to make waters whenever she felt the need.

She had been like this for as long as she could remember. Being a proper lady, she had trained her body to resist voiding her bowels while travelling, but she had never held this long ever before.

During her stay at Knavesmire, she did not find it all that difficult to keep her shit from coming out. The urge only came upon her once every half-hour or so, and most of the time she could make it go.

After a week into the tourney, her stomach was packed with so much shit that the string of her linen underpants was making her feel uncomfortable and her waist had become too big to allow her to fasten her drawers.

The pressure had grown considerably by the time they had set back for the capital, and each day it had been harder and harder to resist letting it out.

As the carriage crawled ahead on the stony track, the Queen stared critically at her abdomen. It was huge, bloated as it was with ten weeks’ worth of meals. She felt so heavy. And not at all well.

Sweat broke out on her brow, as she fought desperately to keep her anus closed. Just a few more hours and then she'd be home, she couldn't wait. Though by now, the anal contractions had become so frequent and so intense, it felt like it would soon be coming out, whether she was prepared for it or not.

She gasped looking out of the slightly pulled curtains, struggling to hold her shit in, wincing as the pressure in her bowels became almost unbearably painful.

She tried her best to distract herself but her efforts turned futile. A wave of urgency took her and Charlotte clenched her eyes as tightly shut as her anus. She held her breath as she battled to contain the massive load in her ass. For a moment she thought she was going to have to give up, it became so painful, but then the pressure eased slightly, and she released her breath abruptly. Sitting up straight, she continued to look out of the window, shivering with the effort it was taking to keep her ass closed. She was determined to fight it till the last.

I cannot give up, I cannot, she told herself firmly, even though her body was on the edge of collapsing. She had reached the point where she wanted to ask the carriage driver to stop so she could go relieve herself in the woods, once and for all. But she knew that was not a choice.

A proper lady would never disgrace herself by doing such a thing, I would just have to hold it.

These thoughts swirled around in her mind as another wave of desperation hit her. She almost lost control, and her knuckles whitened as her hands gripped the edge of her seat, pulling her bottom down against it, in an attempt to prevent the mammoth load inside her from getting out. Beads of sweat appeared on her brow, and her body began to tremble with the effort of clenching her anus as it threatened to open without her permission. She gritted her teeth, despair threatening to overcome her as she felt her asshole opening up despite her efforts. The tip of her turd started to emerge but she somehow managed to push it back in.

The Queen was on the verge of losing control and they were not even near the city yet. She was fighting against wave after wave of urgency as hard as she could but she didn’t know how long she could keep it up.

A proper lady always knows to suppress her needs, no matter how bad they get, she reminded herself but her body was failing. There was a thousand pounds of pressure inside her ass and no amount of will power was going to help her contain it much longer.

Ten minutes later, another strong wave of urgency took over her. This time it was harder to resist, and she had to grit her teeth and hold her breath while she forced her bowels into submission. She managed it, but it was quite a battle, and afterwards she let out a deep exhalation, “I don’t think I can hold much longer.”

In the next hour, Queen Charlotte had to fight a couple more times to avoid an accident as the pressure increased to an unbelievable degree. Her entire body was trembling with the effort it took her to contain herself.

She held on as long as she could, but just about an hour’s ride away from the city, her anus began opening up again. It took all her concentration, and her eyes crossed slightly as she gripped the edge of her seat and clenched with all of her strength, wiggling her bottom against the seat in an attempt to keep her shit inside.

She gasped in pain – she could bear it no longer. “I can’t hold it!” she wailed. It hurt too much to keep clenching, so she eased off a bit, and straight away the rounded tip of a thick, hard turd began to poke its way out of her anus. Worried, she quickly squeezed her buttocks together and forced her anus, little by little, to close up again. The turd slowly retreated, and she began to breathe again. She wiped some perspiration from her brow. The urge grew worse and she writhed in her seat, clenching her anus tightly shut against the enormous pressure threatening to force it open from within.

Desperately looking out of the window, Charlotte grimaced in discomfort as a new pain began to build inside her bottom. She clamped her buttocks together, and her sphincter tightly shut, as her shit pushed hard against the inside of her anus, but by now her body had weakened by the battle it had been fighting for so long. She was exhausted but she reminded herself that she didn’t have a choice.

If she soiled her clothes, everyone would know the moment she stepped out her carriage. She was the Queen, she couldn’t let that happen. Her dignity was at stake, she’d just have to hold it. No matter what.

But they were still far away from Godswick and she wasn’t sure she could hold it till they got there. They were moving at a snail's pace and the heat inside the carriage was only making things worse.

Queen Charlotte sat mortified as a sudden tinge of pressure from her anus spread to her stomach, there was something about the way it felt that told her 'this is it, it's coming out!'

She tried to clench harder but she felt her asshole pulsating with pressure, just seconds away from giving out completely. She knew she had to act before it was too late.

“Stop! Stop the damn thing!,” Charlotte shouted to the coachman, squeezing her buttocks together and jumping to her feet as she made towards the door.

From the knights and retainers in the front, to the baggage train in the end, the entire entourage came to a halt on the Queen’s command.

Her hands trembled as she opened the door – she could feel her anus opening up, and knew she would not be able to close it again until she had emptied herself once and for all.

Somehow containing herself, the Queen stepped out of the carriage, the beating of her heart telling her to hurry.

“Wait!” she commanded the handmaiden who was beginning to follow her into the woods. Nobody could know what she was going to do.

The Queen hurried into the forest with her hands squeezing her butt close, trying to get as far away from the entourage as possible. With every step feeling like her ass was going to burst, every swing of each leg feeling like that would be the end of it.

The forest was somewhat dark and primal, untouched for ten thousand years as the highway pierced through its chest. It smelled of moist earth and decay. This was a place of peaceful silence and only the sound of Charlotte’s labored gasps tore through it.

As she walked further into the woods, she could not contain the pressure any more. Her walk became a run, and she gasped as her shit started to push through, forcing her anus wider and wider. She no longer had any strength to resist.

With each step she felt the turd emerge more, it was thick and hard, and then, she could take it no longer.

In the dense cover of bushes, she lifted her gown and tore down her drawers and smallclothes. She could not even wait until she was squatting, but the instant her clothes were down and her legs just starting to bend, the thick log inched its way out until the tip was level with her knees before breaking off. As the foot long turd fell to the ground with a thud, Charlotte let out a heartfelt moan of relief with her face thrown up and her eyes shut. The feeling of release after all the holding and resisting was bliss.

Still partly squatted, she released a stream of piss while thick but soft logs of shit continued to drop out of her. She didn’t even have to push, it just kept sliding out, one after the other, the chirping of birds only muffled by the loud sound of her piss hitting the dry leaves. She was tired.

Just twenty minutes ago, she was sitting in her carriage, praying to the Mother to give her strength to endure the journey home, now she had turned into a lethal canon, her ass shooting turds almost thick as cucumbers.

Her face covered in sweat, she just stared ahead into the sea of leaves and branches, just letting it happen on its own. It was shameful, but she needed to do it. How long could she have battled, how long could she have endured.

A slight grunt escaped her throat as turds continued to slide out of her beautiful asshole, one of them growing over three feet long. It felt so good to finally release it. Let it all come out. How she had managed to hold it this long she would never know. She was just thankful that it was finally over.

Slowly but steadily the weight in her bowels decreased and her breathing evened out. She had held it for so long, the relief made her light headed. All that pressure she had been fighting for weeks was finally out, she was free.

When she was done, the Queen wiped her butthole with leaves, before pulling up her underclothes and adjusting her gown of sea-green silk, almost stepping into her dung while doing so. The forest was quiet and serene again and she could hear the birds sing.

Flies hovered around her enormous pile of wet shit as it sat on the forest floor, plants and grass squashed away by the weight of her heavy dropping.

She wondered what some unaware hunter would think if he saw this heap of dung. She was sure he would not imagine a lady to have done it. A lady could never hold this much.

She’d been defecating big her whole life, but this was undoubtedly the biggest dump she had ever taken. Walking around carrying all that weight in her ass had been really difficult and only gods knew how relieved she was now that it had all come out.

In her entire life, this was the first time she had taken a shit elsewhere than a privy. It was beyond humiliating, but other than that, if anybody ever found out what she was doing in these woods, she’d be forced to flee the kingdom out of pure shame.

The thought of fleeing terrified her. She wanted to rule. She was born to rule. It was a life of wealth, finery and power that suited her, not that of work. Only she deserved to be on the throne and no one else.

Then suddenly, the realization if how long she’d been dawned upon the Queen. She had taken too long and she had to get back before they came looking for her. She quickly plucked a bunch of wildflowers and turned towards the road, walking with a hand on her now empty stomach.

She felt so light now, as if she could jump and fly, but the worry of being found out anchored her relief down.

Queen Charlotte stepped out of the woods a free woman, feeling light as a feather. Now she didn’t care how long it took to reach the capital.

“I went to pick these flowers, they’re beautiful aren’t they?” she said to the guard who stood waiting for her near her carriage, “Now let us go, my son must be waiting for me.”

*002*2016-05-18 01:48

{{11 hours ago, Minervafan110 said:

Lol Nice Cover up for the queen

}}

Haha! Thank you Minervafan for taking out the time to read it! I hope it wasn't too bad.

*006*2016-05-19 02:31

{{7 hours ago, DespMely said:

Very nice story, and well written!

Thank you

}}

Thank you so much DespMely, I'm glad you like it. :)

*008*2016-05-21 20:00

{{3 hours ago, wedgeantilles said:

I liked the story very much.

Just one thing: Why did you choose such a long and totally unrealistic time span? 10 Weeks?

For the story, only the last day was relevant.

If you would have choosen let's say 10 days, the story would have been the same, but way more plausible:

1) Holding 10 days seems still quite long, but well, why not, it is a fictional story.

2) If I understood the story correctly, the day before the story took place, she had to go quite badly, but managed it without too many problems.

But at the last day, it became just too much. If she held it 69 days, it seems not very plausible, that her urge increases from day 69 to day 70 this much.

But from day 9 to day 10 that would seem reasonable.

Just my thoughts :)

}}

Thank you so much, wedgeantilles for taking time out to read my story. I'm glad you like it.

As for your question, I chose the particular given time span for a reason- to determine how much she was holding.

I've read accounts of people who have held their bowels for ten weeks or even more. Of course it seems unrealistic to most people but the ability to wait this long is determined by the size of the intestines.The large colon varies in length from person to person which means the holding capacity also does. Sure this is uncommon but there certainly are people who can hold their bowels for such a long time span.

As for the urge part, it is implied, but not explicitly stated that her bowels were pushed to the limit after the dinner last night. She just didn't have any more space left inside her. She just had to empty herself. I know this answer is vague but this is what I thought while writing the story.

*009*2016-06-06 09:11

{{On Wednesday, May 18, 2016 at 3:47 PM, full-bladder12 said:

It was amazing!!

I want more, how about pee and poop desperation toguether?

}}

Thank you so much, it feels really great to know that people like this simple story so much.

I would definitely think about writing pee and poop desperation together. Do you have any specific scenario in mind that you want me to do?

*011*2016-06-08 14:34

Hello, everyone! This is the Map of Solambria I made for my 'The Queen' series. I don't know how many of you would be interested in it but I just thought of sharing it here! :)

$$

The Queen (PDF FILES)

1. A Song of Swords.pdf

(Piss Desperation)

2. To Godswick.pdf

(Scat Desperation)

3. The Lord's Tourney.pdf

(Piss Desperation)

*012*2016-07-08 02:55

{{On 6/6/2016 at 8:49 AM, full-bladder12 said:

Mmmm, maybe Futanari in a long bussines trip or something mediaval with futanari. Choose, You'll make magic with whatever you'll choose.

Thanks for read my comment.

Sorry for my english is not my foreing language.

}}

Sure I'll see what I can do!

