Wet Knights and Wetter Nights

Author: peepantsrunner

*000*2023-03-27 11:01

There's no clothing tag for armor lol! Anyway, my last story had a paper-thin plot that existed only to smash as many hypersexualized accidents into the smallest word count I could. While a lot of fun, I wanted to try having a plot and dialogue that more organically supported the naughty bits, overdid it, and accidentally started a novel. So, if you're looking for something quick to get off to, this isn't it. For anyone left, I hope you enjoy, and I welcome any feedback to improve it, if it's worth continuing.

Wet Knights and Wetter Nights

I jolted awake into chaos and confusion, shouts of rage and boots hammering past my door. What time was it? It didn't matter; what mattered was getting out there and helping however I could. "What's going on?" the serving girl I'd snuck into my chambers mumbled drowsily. "No idea," I hissed to her, fastening my sword belt over my breeches. "But it sounds bad. An attack, maybe, or an assassination. I need you to get back to wherever you're supposed to be sleeping as soon as you can slip out."

She pouted a little at being unceremoniously banished from my bed after all the sweet talk I'd used to get her into it in the first place, but a look at my face told her I wasn't kidding. Something was going down, and she didn't need to be around when it did. I fastened my long sword to my side as she understood, and began to get dressed. Careful not to open my door too wide and show my half-dressed lover to those outside, I stepped out and joined the surge of guards thundering by.

Several confused moments later, I arrived at the queen's chamber, sword in hand. "Put that thing away, boy." This from Leofric, a much older guard. In fact, there were already a dozen or so other guards on the scene, all of them seasoned veterans, unlike myself. "You missed all the action, Edvin," he told me, and added, "if you want to do something useful, keep the gawkers at bay."

I turned and saw that what looked like half the keep was filling into the hall behind me. There were lesser nobles, servants, children, and even the cook, savagely wielding an iron pan like she could do anything in a fight with it, all of them pressing in, eager to see. Eager to have something to gossip about. I sheathed my sword, but kept my hand on the hilt, hoping it made me look intimidating. I strode towards the milling crowd, summoning all the authority and conviction of a hopefully soon-to-be member of the queen's own, and herded them the best I could to a safe distance.

I was dying to know what was going on behind me, but we each had our own duty to carry out, and this was mine. Eventually, though, I was called back to the queen's room. My heart sank when I saw blood all over the floor, on the walls, on the window frame. I frantically looked for the queen's body to be sprawled amongst the carnage, and was relieved to find her standing, unharmed, in a corner.

I first noticed that she was whole, but quickly realized I was staring at the young queen in her bed clothes. Horrified at myself, I turned away to protect her dignity, but not before noticing an odd wet patch soaking her mid section. Had a glass of water been spilled during the battle?

There was no time to ponder the queen's odd wetness now, for as I turned away I saw that her dog had been stabbed. Not an actual dog; Fluffy was in the corner barking excitedly still. The Queen's dog was what the rest of the guards and soldiers called her body guard.

Years ago, the king had died under mysterious circumstances while visiting his brother, leaving the then Princess Averil as his only heir, and the steward who had managed her kingdom's affairs until she came of age to take the throne herself had given her every possible protection. With no heir of her own, he knew that if anything were to happen to her, the land would descend into bloody conflict as every noble squabbled over the crown. Thus, the Queen's Guard was created. It consisted of eight elite soldiers standing between her and the rest of the world, but the young queen-in-waiting had insisted on only one man to be allowed inside her chambers and to guard her in her more private moments.

That man was Eardwulf, and he had served faithfully these past ten years. Despite being a highly decorated hero of multiple wars, his work for the queen was more service than anything else. She had dismissed many of the serving men and women that would traditionally work under a member of royalty, instead relying on Eardwulf to clean her chambers, dress her, serve meals she took in her rooms, and of course, guard her while she slept. Over the years, she had also come to rely on him quite heavily as an advisor in such affairs as she had authority over, a practice maintained now that she had come of age two moons ago, and even seemed to regard him as a father figure despite his vastly lower station. I had never once seen the queen without Eardwulf following on her heels, dogging her steps, and so we had all come to call him the dog. And now the dog had a knife stuck right in his thigh.

"Yeah, he got away, but I doubt he could even climb back down the way he came. I got some nasty cuts in on him before he ran. Cowardly bastard." Eardwulf was already halfway through telling what had happened when I had come in. "I'd start by looking for a body right below the window." Two severed fingers on the floor told me he was probably right.

Tracking down the assassin who'd climbed in the window to murder the queen was a job for better men than myself. I was here to help an injured Eardwulf hobble down the many stairs of the keep to the healer. "I don't need some kid to help me walk. I've had worse and kept fighting more than once." All the same, I felt him lean heavily on my shoulder as we went.

###

As it turned out, the would-be assassin had fallen as he tried to flee back down the wall. Previously thought to be unclimbable due to the expertly close-fit stones, the wall had proven too difficult in his injured state. Even with his leg broken from the fall, he had tried to continue running, but the guards had only to follow the trail of blood to track him down. He had given up his employer without any need for torture. He seemed almost eager to tell, like he was bragging, trying to strike fear into her heart that her uncle would keep trying until he succeeded.

I was standing my shift now, guarding him as he stood in the town square, hands and feet shackled to a post. This was intended to be public humiliation, an example to anyone else who might consider such treason. Anyone passing by had free reign to strike him as they pleased, and my only duty was to ensure that nobody carried it too far and killed him. He would die, of course, but his execution was meant to be brutally carried out in three days time.

Despite all this, the killer managed to sneer down at us, as if he were the righteous one and we were the criminals. He was meant to beg for mercy, plead for his life, but he wouldn't. He wouldn't so much as ask to get off his injured leg, or for a chance to relieve himself, and I scoffed in disgust as piss ran down the legs of his filthy trousers and pooled at his feet.

###

"I yield!" Once again, I found myself on my back, the rounded tip of Leofric's training steel pressed to my neck. "Get up, you lousy piece of shit!"

"Bastard!"

"I didn't need a father to be twice the man you are!" I staggered to my feet, knowing he'd be beating me back down to the hot dusty ground again soon. Leofric had rank over me, and I knew he could have me cleaning the outhouses for reminding him of his lineage, but he hated me so much he preferred to express himself during sparring, and I hated him back too much to stop calling him bastard.

We squared off to go again, and I tightened my grip on my blunted long sword. Before Leofric could even begin knocking me around, though, the weapons master called a halt and waved me over. "Congratulations, boy. You're now one of the Queen's Guard." He must have seen the look of confusion on my face, because he went on to explain, "Eardwulf died in the night."

"But how? He was tougher than that, wasn't he?" I interrupted him.

"Tough doesn't help against poison. The wound turned a nasty shade of green before he locked up and quit breathing, the way I heard it. Terrible way to go for a warrior. Terrible way for anyone to go, really. Anyway, we're a man short now, so you're being promoted ahead of schedule. As captain, Leofric is expected to be chosen as the queen's new dog before nightfall. You'll be taking his place in the throne room today so he can be rested to guard her Majesty tonight. Can you handle that?"

"Yes, sir, of course. When do I report?"

"You'd better leave now if you want to figure out what you're doing before the queen shows up!"

I barely had time to clean the dust caked onto me from sweat, down a mug of water, and rush to the throne room in time to receive my instructions. I'm not sure why I needed to be so early for them. Stand here, don't move. That "don't move" part was a lot more important in the throne room than, for example, the West gate, but I'd been a guard since I was big enough to fill out a suit of armor and hold a pike. Just stand there, and don't move a muscle unless the queen was threatened in some way, and nobody was likely to even try that with eight guards in the room.

The difficulty, it seemed, was in how long you had to do it. Delegations from neighboring lands came in, seeking deals and treaties with the queen. Citizens of our own country, from noble to peasant, came before her to judge on disputes between themselves. Council members brought reports on the affairs they had been placed over, and asked how her Majesty would like them to proceed. Through all this, I couldn't move a single muscle. My body ached from the morning's training, and stiffened until I felt I was becoming the statue I appeared to be. A single drop of sweat slowly tricked down my forehead and into my eye, and still, I refused to do more than blink. The worst of it, though, was how bad I had to piss.

I don't think I'd ever had to take a leak so bad in my life. How much longer could this windbag blow on about the tax rate of wheat in his province being unfair? There was nothing I could do but hold it, though, no matter how badly I ached for relief. What else could I do? Interrupt the queen to ask her, "excuse me, your Majesty, but I'm about to wet my armor. May I please be excused to go find the nearest chamber pot, instead?" I'd probably find myself chained up beside the failed assassin, if Leofric didn't simply beat me to death for embarrassing the queen.

Although I knew I had to hold on, I wasn't sure how much longer I could. Without the freedom to hold myself or fidget about, all I could do was focus on squeezing the muscles in my cock as tight as I could. An involuntary shiver of desperation caused my plate-clad knees to clink together. Damn. The queen briefly flicked her eyes in my direction, possibly because she had heard me and was now contemplating my punishment, possibly by mere coincidence, I didn't know. Another wave of urgency shot through me. I was able to restrain my body from twitching this time, but a small warmth in the breeches I wore under my armor told me my body had dealt with it another way instead.

Finally, Sir Wheat Taxes was satisfied, and left. Was I about to be free? My hopes were crushed as two bickering families were shown in, each claiming to be the rightful owner of the stream that ran through the border of their farms. Oh, damn, this could take a while. I fought more valiantly than I ever had with a sword, but more and more leaks of urine forced their way past my defenses. I could feel my knees beginning to get wet. Thus far, everything was hidden by my gleaming steel plate mail, but what would happen when it filled my boots and started running across the flag stones?

I didn't have to wait for that many more leaks to find out. Eventually my cock was tired of fighting, and the flood gates were opened. I must have pissed with a great deal of force, because the steady ringing sound of my stream hitting plate mail was audible even over the heated screaming of the farmers. Everyone stopped, bewildered, looking around for the source of the noise. I remained as rigidly immobile as before, eyes straight ahead, but the red flush of my cheeks as well as the puddle leaking from my boots gave me away.

"Oh my." A quiet exclamation from Queen Averil was the only sound in the otherwise silent throne room, as my bladder had finished emptying itself by this point. "Edvin, step forward. Everybody else, leave us," she said in a perfectly cool and level voice. There was no way to read her expression. No way to know if I was headed for the gallows or merely a post in some backwater village. I steeled my nerves for the worst and approached her throne as my fellow guards marched out.

Queen Averil was gorgeous. I had so much more to worry about as I stood at rapt attention before her, still dripping slightly, but a man can't help but notice that kind of beauty in any circumstance. Her deep blue eyes locked onto mine, as unreadable as the ocean they matched in color. "You're a very interesting young knight, Edvin. Did you know that?" She didn't wait for me to answer. "I've been watching you, you know. Sometimes I stand on my balcony and watch the soldiers train to pass the time."

"Yes, your Majesty, I have seen you up there."

"I know you run the fastest, you move the heaviest weights, you perform all the form drills flawlessly, and yet, you lose nearly every sparring match. Why is that?"

I wasn't sure how to answer. How do you tell the queen, the one whom you now live to protect, that you can't keep your head in a fight? "I'll tell you how. It's because he's incompetent donkey shit, that's how!" Leofric, the haughty bastard, strolled into the room, boots ringing against the flagstones. "He's the most worthless dolt I've ever had the displeasure of trying to train. I've been calling him a yellow coward for years, and here he's gone and earned the title in full!" Queen Averil regarded me calmly, one blonde eyebrow raised as if to ask, "is that so?"

What she actually said, was, "I feel that there is more potential than that in our young, sodden knight, here. Edvin, I could have your head on a pike for disgracing my throne room." I swallowed nervously, grateful that at least pissing myself in fear wasn't very likely to happen at the moment. "But," Queen Averil continued, "I would rather have you as my new bodyguard-"

"My Queen! You can't be serious!" One slender finger, held up in the air, was all it took to cut off Leofric's outburst. With quiet restored, she added, "if, of course, you can prove yourself capable. Knights, draw your steel."

Surely she had misspoken. "With all due respect, your Majesty, did you mean for us to fetch training swords?" Before she could speak, Leofric mocked me, saying, "See, I told you he's a coward. I don't want to get his piss on me sparring anyway."

"I have not misspoken, and you should be more concerned with a soaking in your own blood than a little pee! A man tried to kill me just this past night. I must know that whoever guards my bed chamber is man enough for the task! Now stop bickering like girls and square off!"

Leofric scoffed in unconcealed disdain, but he turned to face me all the same. We bowed to each other, a token of respect between combatants. Before I had raised my eyes back from my dripping boots he was on me with a fury I had never seen in training. The cheating bastard! I barely had time to raise my sword before his blow came crashing down with a force that threatened to rip my steel from my fingers. He swung again and again, driving me back across the room, giving me no time to breathe.

I dodged and parried the best I could, backpedaling in my squelching wet boots. Queen Averil gasped and cheered as if this were all a show put on by a troupe of actors, not life and death, and Leofric drove me back and back with his wild blows. The throne itself sat on a raised platform, up three stairs. It was the second of them that tripped me, and for the second time today, I found myself looking up at Leofric from my back.

I expected a sword point at my neck and a declaration of victory, but he only kept swinging madly at me. "You! Worthless! Sack! Of! Shit!" Each word was punctuated by a crushing downswing of his sword, spit flying from his mouth in rage. I blocked each blow, sending his sword glancing to the side to strike chips from the flagstones, but I couldn't withstand such a murderous onslaught for long. I suddenly knew how steel felt when worked by the blacksmith, and I also knew he meant to kill me.

He knocked my feeble guard aside, and paused to gloat over me before he finished me. "You see, my queen, this trash is unfit for your service. Allow me to take it out for arrrrgh!" I had poked the tip of my blade into the knee joint of his armor. There was no honor in it, but no part of this fight had had any honor yet. Dying on it wouldn't do any good.

I staggered dizzily to my feet as a small patter of Leofric's blood joined my piss on the floor. We stared at each other, both breathing hard, both knowing one of us was going to kill the other and end this feud today. We circled wearily, each looking for an opening to attack, each trying not to offer the other such an opening. I thought about all the times he'd beat me, all the insults, all the years of hatred. I thought about Averil, willing to execute me or promote me, and seemingly indifferent about which. I thought of my shame at pissing myself. As we circled, a new rage I'd never felt began to grow in me.

Without warning, I flew at Leofric, snarling with bloodlust. It was my turn to push him across the wide chamber. I lunged at him again and again, striking with speed and precision. I broke upon him like a storm, a whirlwind of steel and wrath, blowing into every crevice in his defenses, too swift for his lumbering counter attacks. With a roar of effort, I knocked his long sword from his hands, sending it clattering across the floor. I raised my own blade for the victorious blow, and-

Smash! I found myself sitting on my wet arse, blood pouring from my broken nose. I had proved the stronger swordsman, but Leofric was older, craftier, and knew he had other weapons than a sword. I hadn't even seen his gauntleted fist rising to meet my face. When my vision cleared, I saw he had reclaimed his dropped weapon, and was once again ready to strike my head from my shoulders.

"Enough!" Cried the queen. "Your Majesty, I was just about to-"

"I know what you were about to do, and I'll not have a dead man in front of my throne!" Aw hell. My luck had run out, and I was only being spared the sword today to get the axe tomorrow. Queen Averil had more to say, though. "And I'll most certainly not have you murder my new bodyguard. Now, I thank you for your assistance in proving him. You may go."

"Your new wha?" Leofric was slack-jawed in bewilderment. "But, your Majesty, he lost!"

"I am aware." Queen Averil had an edge of iciness creeping into her voice. "And yet, Edvin showed great courage, and potential. Over time I expect he will be one of the finest swordsmen we've had. Furthermore, there is more to the position of my personal bodyguard than fighting. There are other.. considerations. You might have some idea of what I mean had a lady ever invited you into her chambers before."

Leofric clearly wanted to argue further, but he could see that he had already upset the young queen. Indeed, it was strange to see such a look of righteous indignation on such delicate features. He hung his head and left without another word, limping from the poke I'd put in his leg.

I was so worn from fighting that I thought it better to shift to one knee and kneel before my queen rather than try to stand and topple over in a heap of piss-filled armor. A sharp bang echoed through the hall as Leofric, bastard as he was, shut the door behind him far harder than necessary. Queen Averil flinched, muttered something unladylike under her breath, and then surprised me by rushing down from her throne to help lift me to my feet.

"Oh, you're an absolute mess. Are you going to be all right?" I was thrown off by her sudden change in demeanor, but managed a nod. "Good. My uncle isn't a patient man. He will make another attempt on my life, maybe as soon as tonight. I need you to be ready for anything, at any time. Can you do that?" I managed a proper, "yes, my queen," this time.

###

My first job as the queen's new dog was to enter her chambers ahead of her and search for any signs of danger within. Other than a bit of dust left on a rug from where the masons had installed bars over her window, everything seemed to be in perfect order. I called her in, and we began what I assumed would become our nightly routine together. All the little acts of service that normally occupied a full staff, were all mine. I was the only person aside from herself now allowed in these rooms.

I stood behind her, helping her undo the complicated series of pins and clips that held her hair in the elegant style that was the only way the outside world had seen it. This first time, she had to show my clumsy fingers how, but I'd learn. Undone, her nearly silver blonde hair fell far down her back in silken sheets. She met my eyes in the mirror. "Edvin, I could have punished you severely today. You know that, right?" I told her I did, and that she had my gratitude. "Yes, but do I have your absolute loyalty?"

She turned to face me now, looking up at me with her deep blue eyes. Seeing her this way, I was reminded how young she was, barely old enough to wear the crown. I hated her uncle for clouding her sweetness with fear. "Of course, my queen. I have sworn to protect-"

"Every knight has sworn to fight for the crown. Yes. Do I, Averil, have the loyalty of you, Edvin? Will you do anything I ask you to? Will you devote your life, that I spared, to my service?" In a low whisper, she added, "Will you keep my secrets?"

Once again, I knelt before my queen, "My Queen. Averil. I would be honored to do anything you ask of me. Your life and your secrets both are safe in my keeping." Apparently satisfied, we resumed the various night time tasks, and she settled into bed, me standing by, ready for any would-be assassins.

Hours passed, with nothing to occupy my mind but the remembered events of the day. Why had the queen chosen me for this most coveted position? Why choose the one knight, out of so many more experienced soldiers, who pisses himself on his first day of duty? Well, she had secrets of her own, apparently. Maybe she liked having one of mine too hold over me.

I was pulled from my thoughts by the queen's fitful stirrings in her enormous bed. She tossed and turned, seeming to be caught in some foul dream. Should I wake her? I didn't know if she would be grateful that I had pulled her from the nightmare, or angry that I had woken her. I stood debating with myself, when she rolled over, throwing all of the sheets off of herself, and then lay still on her curled on her side. The moonlight coming in through the window left the striped pattern of the bars across her royal arse as she lay uncovered on her side, dressing gown hiked up over her slim waist.

It was a beautiful arse, really. I probably wasn't supposed to notice that, but how could I not? Barely covered in some sort of frilly and lacy undergarment that likely cost more than my full suit of armor, her perfectly round cheeks shone like pearls in the pale illumination. I shook myself from the spell such a sight had paralyzed me with, and was just moving to cover her dignity when I learned the secret she had meant me to keep. Why she had chosen me.

The gossamer stand of fabric, hardly wider than a finger, that covered her womanhood, began to darken. Slowly at first, and then much more quickly, it soaked through with her majesty's royal urine. It became a string of diamonds, droplets glittering in the silver light. A cascade of the finest gold gilded her lower buttock, and the valley her slender frame pressed into the bed filled like a golden mountain lake. Her stream continued to flow for longer than I would have guessed possible, given the queen's size, but at last, it slowed to a softly hissing trickle and then stopped.

Queen Averil sighed and appeared to settle into a deeper, more content sleep. The nightmare had passed. I stood transfixed by the sight of her. She was strangely beautiful, laying peacefully in a pool of urine that was slowly disappearing into the bedding. It was certainly a sight none of the other women I had taken to bed had blessed me with. Although I longed to gaze upon her beauty til morning, watching how the changing light would ever so slowly reveal more and more of her graceful, wet form, I knew the chivalrous thing would be to cover her near-nakedness back under the discarded blankets.

I was just reaching out to tuck her back in, when I heard voices outside the door. Was it another of her uncle's hired killers, or just a servant passing by, greeting the guard that stood just outside? No, not a simple greeting; this was a full conversation, and growing more heated by the muffled sound of it. It became a scuffle, and then the door rattled in its frame, as if struck by a body. The queen awoke from the commotion, and slid out of her wet bed to take shelter in case the killer made it into the room. For my own part, I drew and sword and waited. It had gone quiet outside, but there was no way to know who had died, and who was turning the door knob now.

The door opened, and a man in full armor stood silhouetted against the torch light in the hall . Thank heavens, the guard had won! Something wasn't right, though. His bloody sword was still in his hand, and he seemed to be scanning the shadows rather than stepping in and announcing himself. His eyes must have adjusted enough to spot me at the same instant I realized he was the murderer, come to finish last night's botched work.

We attacked simultaneously, ringing steel breaking the quiet of the night. Damn, but long swords were hard to fight with in such a small, dark arena! In the chaos of it all, we were soon grappling, weapons both forgotten somewhere on the floor. "Hurry up and die, so I can move on to the little bitch," he growled as we stumbled around the room, smashing glass and overturning furniture. That voice sounded familiar, and on a hunch, I stomped my boot hard into the side of my opponent's left knee. He howled in agony and went down, but he dragged me down with him.

Rolling and wrestling, the enemy knight wound up on top of me. He punched me in the face with his armored fist, and I felt my nose break. I was getting tired of that today. He hit me again, bouncing my head off the stone floor. This was going to kill me, but I couldn't shake him off. I reached for my belt knife, but it was pinned under me, his weight on my hips too much to arch up and free it. Another hit, this one splitting the skin just beneath my right eye. I reached around behind him, and pulled his belt knife out instead, and slid it into the gap between his cuirass and greaves, hoping to hit a kidney.

My attacker screamed, but far from dropping dead, he dealt me another hard knock to the face. I yanked his knife back out, and punched it again and again and again into whatever weak points I could find. He tried to keep smashing my brains out, but his blows grew feeble from blood loss. I shoved him off just as two more guards stormed in bearing torches. The flames cast a grizzly red light over the scene: Leofric burbling out his last breath in a pool of blood.

*003*2023-03-27 23:04

The people have spoken! Both of them! There will be a second chapter!

*004*2023-03-29 19:52

Chapter two

$iframe allowfullscreen="" data-embedauthorid="55643" data-embedcontent="" data-embedid="embed4374729517" style="height:202px;max-width:500px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/87579-wet-knights-and-wetter-nights-ch-2-now-80-wetter/?do=embed"

