The Lord's Tourney

Author: Pain

*000*2016-05-24 21:04

The morning sun gleamed bright as the Queen’s entourage reached the Wedgemore meadow, where a hundred pavilions had risen on the grassy field.

Some were small, some large; some square, some round; some of sailcloth, some of linen, some of silk; but all were brightly colored, with long banners streaming from their center poles, painting the meadow brighter than a field of flowers.

Lord Abbot was staging a great tourney to celebrate his daughter’s sixteenth nameday and every lordly house in the realm had sent a knight or three to Wedgemore, to see the fair maid and brave the lists in her honor.

Queen Charlotte too was eager to see the noblest lords and finest knights from the realm compete against each other. With half her court, she had set from the capital at dawn to reach Wedgemore on time.

They had traveled past woods and orchards, stout holdfasts and neatly tended fields as the sun rose from its slumber and climbed up the sky.

All the way, Queen Charlotte’s lips barely parted with the water skin, although she had plenty of water before leaving the King’s Fort. Owing to her belief that drinking a lot of water would grant her eternal youth, the Queen made it a point to drink no less than ten liters each day, however engaged in her duties she may be.

By when they met the honor guard Lord Abbot had sent to meet them on the road and escort them back to his keep, Queen Charlotte already had four liters of water streaming through her body, most of it already begging to be let out, but she paid it no heed.

A blare of trumpets went off from the walls as the Queen’s knights and mounted archers poured through Lord Abbot’s castle gates, riding some of the most splendid horses in the country.

The Queensguard knights rode in with the royal banners and a gust of wind lifted the golden silk pennons atop the tall staffs, and the rampant griffin of House Seymour drawn upon it seemed to take wing.

Lord Abbot and his sons came hurrying out the doors of the keep and kneeled as Queen Charlotte stepped out of her carriage. She was wearing a white gown slashed with cloth-of-gold, lacy but demure. It had been several years since the last time she had donned it, and she found it a bit tight about the middle.

“Your Highness” Lord Abbot kissed her hand and she responded with a curt smile.

She rode to the tourney in a litter with curtains of yellow silk so fine she could see right through them. They turned the whole world gold.

The meadow was filled with people, all trying to wriggle their way closer for a better view. The viewing stand was filled up with highborn lords and ladies, a few rich townfolk, and a score of knights who had decided not to compete that day. All clutching their cloaks tight about them against the morning chill. Everyone who was seated, stood up when Charlotte came to take her seat in the viewing box, and sat only when the she signaled with a nod.

As she waited for the joust to begin, a minor twinge from her bladder reminded the Queen of her filling organ, but she chose to ignore it and asked a servant to fill her water skin now that she had emptied it for the fifth time.

The horns blew to summon the challengers, and a murmur of excitement went through the crowd as five knights appeared one by one at the south end of the lists. Heralds shouted out the name of each knight in turn. They paused before the viewing stand to dip their lances in salute to the Queen, Lord Abbot and his daughter, then circled to the north end of the field to select their opponents.

When done, the challengers trotted back to the south end of the lists to await their foes and stood with their twelve-foot lances pointed upward.

Brightly barded horses were held by squires on the north end of the field for the champions to mount. They donned their helms and took up lance and shield, in grandeur the equal to their rivals.

And then, the Wedgemore meadow grew almost still as the champions trotted into position.

A horn sounded, and stillness turned into commotion in the blink of an eye. A thousand voices began to scream and shout as the knights charged from both sides, forty iron-shod hooves beat and tore the ground, ten lances ready to pierce through their rivals’ hearts. The field seemed almost to shake, and champions and challengers came together in a shredding collision of wood and steel, pummeling two riders into the dust. Their rivals dismounted to meet them afoot with swords and axes, while the ones still ahorse turned around for another pass.

Charlotte saw the point of Sir Tybalt’s black lance hit Sir Fendrel’s shield and slide off to slam into his chest, even as the latter’s own lance burst into splinters against Tybalt’s breastplate.

Sir Fendrel’s horse reared with the force of the impact, and he was lifted from his stirrups and flung brutally to the ground, inciting a great roar of approval from the crowd. Sir Fendrel’s squire ran out, loosened his helm, and called for help, and two serving men lifted the fainted knight by the arms to help him back to his pavilion.

Lord Brinon was down as well, unhorsed by Sir Rowan Braund, but he jumped up at once and drew his longsword, and Sir Rowan Braund cast aside his lance and dismounted to continue their fight afoot.

Elsewhere on the field, the two knights who had remained ahorse were riding their fifth course. More lances shattered, and this time Lord Norman Grey aimed his point so expertly he ripped Lord Joseph Rowntree’s helm cleanly off his head.

Barefaced, Lord Joseph raised his hand in salute and got down his horse, yielding the match. By then Sir Rowan had beaten Lord Brinon into submission, showing himself as skilled with a sword as he was with a lance.

For the rest of the morning and well into afternoon, it was more of the same, as knights took the field in twos and threes, and sometimes five together. Trumpets blew, the heralds called out names, warhorses charged, the crowd cheered, lances broke like twigs, and swords rang against helms and mail. It was, smallfolk and high lord alike agreed, a splendid day of jousting.

By this time, sharp twinges from her bladder were making Queen Charlotte a bit uncomfortable. She had drunk no less than six liters of water since morning and now a distinct bulge was beginning to show over her gown. She could feel all the water streaming through her body, getting collected in her bladder but she wasn’t even close to desperate.

Sir Thomas Darell fought in a black fury and defeated all his challengers. He shattered Sir Donald’s collarbone and elbow, but the worst injuries he meted out were to the Queen’s favorite, the handsome knight Sir Cedric Garin , who was borne from the field senseless and bloody.

Lord Crewe and Sir Edmund Cartwright rode against each other thrice more before Sir Edmund finally fell off his horse so hard, he lost all consciousness. Sir Francis Bennett, broke no less than nine lances against Lord Abbot’s son, Jeffery. They both lost their saddles on their tenth course, only to rise together to fight on, sword against mace. Finally an injured Sir Bennett admitted defeat.

A splendid sight, Charlotte thought as she watched victor and vanquished embrace and walk together from the field.

The Queen’s bladder was positively swollen by this point, her gown straining to contain the bulge. Though her need wasn’t pressing, she was sitting much stiffer than before. Her bladder expanding to outrageous proportions to contain all the liquid she had consumed.

With the ungodly amount of water getting collected in her cavernous bladder, a serious pressure was building up inside her, but Charlotte let it slide to the back of her mind. Having the biggest bladder in the realm was surely a blessing. She could hold as much as she wanted, as long as she wanted. She knew there was absolutely nothing to worry. With her capacity, needing to wee was never a problem.

A fanfare of trumpets announced that three new challengers had entered the lists. The heralds shouted their names. "Lord Baron of House Calvert, from the Cheviot Hills. Lord Ulric of House Bretel, from Gillygate. Sir Gawen of House Corbet, Lord of Knavesmire."

The three challengers took their places as the three champions mounted up. Men were making bets all around them and calling out encouragement to their choices.

On the first pass, Lord Crewe struck Sir Gawen's shield a partial blow, the blunted point of his lance sliding aside into empty air.

Sir Gawen's own lance broke clean against the Lord Crewe’s chest, and the latter seemed about to fall for an instant before he recovered his seat.

The second time through the lists, Lord Crewe swung his lance left, aiming for his foe's breast, but struck his shoulder instead. Even so, the blow was enough to make the older knight lose his lance. One arm flailed for balance and Sir Gawen fell. The Lord swung from the saddle and drew his sword, but the fallen knight waved him off and raised his visor. "I yield, my Lord" he called.

"Well fought." The lords in the viewing stand echoed him, shouting, "Well fought! Well fought!" as Lord Crewe knelt to help the knight to his feet.

Farther away, Sir Rowan was being carried off the field unconscious, while Lord Ulric and Lord Norman were going at each other lustily with axes, to the delight of the roaring crowd.

"Get him!" someone shouted merrily, "Get him! Hit him!

“Yes! He's right there, he's right there!" The crowd seemed almost equally divided between them, hence cheers and curses mingled freely in the air.

Lord Abbot’s son, Jeffery, also fought several notable matches, knocking his foes from their stirrups one after the other, which made him a great favorite of the commons. Though, Queen Charlotte thought the day's honors should go to Lord Ulric Bretel who humbled fourteen knights, each one of them formidable.

A dozen times, the crowds gasped as riders crashed together, lances exploding into splinters while the commons screamed for their favorites. Women covered their eyes whenever a man fell, but the Queen never reacted. A great lady knew how to behave at tournaments.

The jousting went all day and into the dusk, the hooves of the great warhorses pounding down the lists until the field was a ragged wasteland of torn earth.

By this point, Queen Charlotte was beginning to feel a bit desperate and for the first time in the entire day, she sat with her thighs pressed together, a water melon sized bladder jutting out of her gut. All the water was really catching up and she knew a flood was building up inside her bladder, but she wasn’t going to let that flood break free before the jousting was done. The most splendid warriors from the realm were competing before her and she didn’t want to miss any of it while she went off to use the castle privy.

Lord Crewe rode brilliantly. He overthrew Sir Warren Bauldry and Lord William Conteville as easily as if he were riding against dummies made of straw.

Sir Peter Toustain, seemed unstoppable as well, violently riding down one foe after the other. The most frightening moment of the day came during his tenth joust, when his lance rode up and struck a Sir Warren from Wirksworth under the gorget with such force that it exploded out of the back of his neck in a gout of bright blood, killing him right then and there. Screaming, Sir Warren’s horse had crashed sideways, knocking the wooden barrier to pieces as it fell.

The youth fell not ten feet from where Charlotte was seated. The point of Sir Peter’s lance had snapped off in his neck, and blood flowed out of him to cover the sand in red.

All of Wedgemore meadow was shouting. Sir Peter, having raced casually around the carnage to the end of the lists, wheeled his horse and came galloping back. He was shouting too, though Charlotte could not make out the words over the screams of people.

After they carried off the body, a boy with a spade ran onto the field and shoveled dirt over the spot where he had fallen, to cover up the blood. Then the jousts recommenced.

As the time crawled ahead, the thoughts of her filling mammoth bladder suddenly came rushing back to the Queen. She had totally forgotten about it, but now, with the pressure having reached a fevered level , she was finding it difficult to keep her composure. She crossed her legs and placed a hand on her bulging stomach. The strain of her full bladder was making her restless now. She tried hard to sit normally, but she could not keep her legs still.

Sir William of Orange also fell to Peter Toustain and Lord Oliver Cromwell to Ulric Bretel. Lord Oliver was unhorsed so violently that he broke his arm upon the fall. Though the crowd cheered madly when he found his feet, for his beautiful face made him a great favorite.

The Queen had consumed a whooping ten liters of water by this point, all of it getting pumped into her cast-iron bladder. She needed to wee a lot by now but she just didn’t want to leave to use the privy and miss any of the fights. So she kept sitting with her thighs pressed together to endure her bladder pain. Her composure was slowly whittling away. She just crossed her legs when a sudden bladder spasm took her and slightly rubbed her thighs as she continued to enjoy the games.

Lord Jarin of Wintwater jerked his mount around hard and rode back to the lists for a second pass as his opponenet, Lord Thomas Darell tossed down his broken lance and snatched up a fresh one, cursing his squire. Lord Jarin spurred forward at a hard gallop and Lord Darell rode to confront him.

Both their lances exploded, and Lord Jarin fell off his horse so violently that his head hit the ground with an audible crack.

In an instant, Lord Thomas jumped off his mount and walked to Lord Jarin, who was still struggling to find his feet. Thomas pulled a long dirk free and flicked open his rival’s visor. The roar of the crowd was too loud for Queen Charlotte to hear what Jarin said, but she saw the word form on his split, bloody lips, ‘Yield’ as he raised his arms in surrender. Squires dashed onto the field and carried the vanquished night back to his pavilion.

The Queen had to piss so badly by now that she was finding it difficult to sit still. She normally would have immediately stopped whatever she was doing to go relieve herself, even if that meant leaving a council meeting midway or excusing herself from bible study. But here it was jousting, and she was enjoying every bit of it, so she decided to postpone her need.

Shrieks of horror rose from the crowd when Sir Lionel’s lance speared through Lord Robert Dalton’s open visor, piercing through his eye and brain. With an alarming scream he flew off his horse and crashed to the ground, his blood soaking into the sand around him, a splinter still protruding from his left eye.

All the thoughts of her expanding bladder were forgotten as Charlotte watched Lord Robert withering in agony as he slowly drifted towards his death. He breathed his last before his squires carried him back to the pavilion.

By then, the moon was well up and the crowd was tired, so Lord Abbot decreed that the remaining matches would be fought the next morning, before the melee.

While tired commons began their walk home, talking of the day's jousts and the matches to come on the morrow, the highborns moved to the castle’s great hall to begin the feast, along with the winners and losers from the tournament.

The Queen walked back to the castle with a very protruding bladder bulge, carrying all the water she had drunk. Her first priority now was to take a piss, but the feast was about to begin and her absence would be taken as a slight. She was the guest of honor and keeping others waiting would have been disrespectful.

So, unwillingly she decided to wait until the feast was done.

A sound of curiosity went through the hall when Lord Abbot came in, escorting the queen. He helped her up the steps to the dais and led her to her seat, but the queen never so much as looked at him.

Half an hour had passed by when the second course was laid out, leaving Charlotte worried. She had never dreamed that the service would be so slow, and she was crossing and uncrossing her legs as she tried to stop fidgeting. I don’t want to piss, she told herself that it was only imagination, seeing other people drinking a lot and knowing what effect that usually had. She tried very hard to ignore that she had drunk an ungodly amount of water, and was probably the only one brave enough not to have been to the privy before the feast.

Tables were piled high with sweetgrass and strawberries and fresh-baked bread, yet none of it caught Charlotte’s attention.

She sat with her thighs pressed, wiggling her butt in discomfort, her bladder aching for relief. She was beginning to think of leaving the hall to look for a privy but her thoughts were intruded by Lord Abbot, "At the nameday feast, I hope you will not refuse to dance with my sons," he said. "It would please an old man's heart."

A dance was the last thing she needed, the way her bladder was throbbing but she couldn’t very well refuse her host.

“Might I have this dance, my lady?" Lord Abbot’s son Jeffery stood waiting for her answer.

A slight nod with a curt smile was her response as she stood up half-heartedly from her seat, before the young lord escorted her to the dance floor.

Nursing her aching bladder, she danced with him, keeping her thighs pressed all the while.

“You dance very well, my Queen” Jeffery told her as they whirled to the music, and she gave him a smile in return that was probably weaker than she intended, but with her bladder in such a painful and bulging state, it was the best she could do.

By the time Lord Abbot’s second son, Roderick came up to her to ask for a dance, her desperate state had turned her legs into wood and she barely moved if danced at all.

“Is there something wrong my lady?” Roderick asked, noting her discomfort.

“N- nothing, I’m fine..” Charlotte replied with a broken smile that betrayed how much her bladder was busrting.

The young lord must have thought her a very clumsy dancer but she was far from caring about what he thought.

She even danced with Lord Atwell for a while and then she was back with Jeffery once more, dancing while somehow holding her river of wee. And soon, blessedly, the dance was over.

Her relief was short-lived. No sooner had the music died than Lord Durandal came up to her and started talking. He inquired politely after the health of her father, brother, and son.

Though she acted as if she was listening, the Queen’s mind was absorbed by the thought of her painful need.

I cannot act differently due to the state of my bladder, be graceful, she told herself and responded to Lord Durandal’s every question with utmost humility.

She was determined not to give them any indication that she was dying for a piss. A proper lady never makes the need to relief herself known, she reminded herself.

She walked normally, talked normally, and laughed normally, her lower belly protruding ominously in front of her as she tightly held her day’s long worth of water. No one in the hall knew how full her bladder was, how much it was aching.

While singers sang and jugglers juggled, they began with pears poached in wine, and went on to tiny savory fish rolled in salt and cooked crisp, and roosters stuffed with onions, and mushrooms. There were great loaves of brown bread, mounds of turnips, apples, figs, grapes, oranges, lemons, sweet corn, pease and beans. Mutton stewed with onions, garlic and herbs, roasted swans, geese and quail, and trenchers dripping full of venison stewed with beer and barley. Pastries, filled with a mixture of meat, dates, ginger, vinegar, eggs, and herbs. And for the sweet, Lord Abbot's servants brought down trays of pies from his castle kitchens, sugar paste, marzipan and jelly painted and molded into shapes of castles and ships, spiced honey biscuits and blackberry tarts, apple crisps and wheels of buttery cheese.

The rich foods made mouths water but the Queen sat indifferent. Her mind wrapped up in her dire need to piss. As she sat with her legs crossed, the wave of pressure in her bladder seemed to intensify into a more severe state of need with every minute, and she felt even more swollen and close to the point of honestly bursting than she had even moments before. This sensation of urgency terrified her. The feeling of needing to pass her water and not being immediately able to do so, it was a feeling that scared her so much. To be caught in such a dire and private need was not something she considered becoming to a proper lady.

The Queen played with the food but barely bought any of it to her mouth. She was having trouble controlling her need. It was clear that she was nearing her limit. Even a simple thing as talking to Lord Abbot was almost too much for Charlotte, who needed to concentrate every second to keep her bladder under control, and for a dreadful moment she thought she was going to lose control, instinctively jamming her hand between her legs, blocking off her piss, about a hair’s breadth away from her smallclothes, or so it felt. Once she had started to hold herself, it felt so good she did not want to let go, so she resorted to the trick of resting her other arm across her lap to hide what she was doing.

She wanted to run, find a privy and piss to her heart's content, but she couldn't just leave the feast, It would be rude, she reminded herself again and again, hoping it would give her the strength to hang on.

Standing up to cut the cake was an extra strain on her overfilled bladder, but even more difficult was moving her legs while desperately trying not to wet herself. Her bladder was so full she couldn’t even stand straight, let alone walk.

When she was back on her seat, she immediately crossed her legs and held her crutch to ease the strain on her bladder.

The servants kept the cups filled all night, yet the Queen didn’t even taste it. Her bladder was already bursting with water and the last thing she wanted was more liquid flowing into it.

It was almost an hour past midnight, and the Queen had been holding her waters for over twenty hours, since she left the capital. Only her exceptional bladder capacity had enabled her to do so, but now she was near to breaking down and wetting herself.

Her need to piss had become so great that she was finding it difficult to think about anything else. It was beginning to overtake all good sense. She was pushed to the point where she was beginning to think of leaving the feast, however rude she may come across, she didn't care.

I really need to use the privy, but I don’t know where they are, she thought. No, I cannot ask them, a proper lady never makes the need to relieve herself known, she told herself firmly.

She sat with her legs crossed, hands pressing on her thighs in desperation. It was now taking her a lot of force to hold her waters.

Suddenly, without any warning, a thick stream burst into her smallclothes, spreading dampness around her crotch. Shocked, Charlotte crossed her legs tighter to clamp the stream off before she completely lost control, her muscles tightening as she tried to prevent any further leakage.

Her cheeks burned in embarrassment as she looked around to see others laughing and drinking. Nobody knew that she'd just leaked into her clothes, but soon they would.

She was just moments away from having a humiliating accident, her sphincters quivering with pressure.

No, I absolutely cannot leave the feast, I’ll have to wait, she told herself but her bladder was about to explode.

Then, another spurt of hot pee rushed out of her for just a fraction of a second before she summed every ounce of her will to hold back the massive flood that she contained. The leaks however had dampened her smallclothes and she felt another small trickle escape to add to its wetness. She was losing control of her bladder, and she knew she had to find a privy NOW or else she would disgrace herself in front of all these people.

She stood up from her seat, a hand placed on her thigh, inches away from her crotch, "P- pardon me my lord, I feel the need of some air.”

“As you please, my Queen” Lord Abbot was quick to respond.

"Your Highness, give me but a moment to don my mail. You should not be without protection" Sir Preston of the Queensguard rose from his seat.

Determined not break her composure, Queen Charlotte said, "If I am not safe in the heart of Lord Abbot’s castle, with so many to protect me, one sword will make no matter . . . please sit and eat, my good sir. If I have need of you, I'll send for you."

"As you will, Your Highness." Sir Preston replied.

Stopping her piss at the gates, she turned around and left the hall with her thighs pressed together, past a slouching guardsman who straightened so hurriedly that he near dropped his spear.

As she walked through a low door into a stair tower, Queen Charlotte squeezed her crotch as tightly as she could, steeling herself to climb the stairs. Lifting her legs wreaked havoc on her exhausted sphincters but she somehow managed to contain herself.

Charlotte could hear faint music drifting from the great hall, seeping out into the night. Had she known finding relief would be so difficult, she never would have drank so much water.

Once upstairs, she examined every last room in the massively grandiose hallway but none of them was a privy. She turned; her face visibly distressed as she tried to decide on her next course of action.

She thought going back to the hall to ask if anyone knew where the privy was, but immediately erased the thought off her mind. Considering the signals her bladder was sending, she feared she might not be able to hold out that long.

She had to piss so bad that she was almost afraid to walk. She did, however, as quickly as she dared. Though her mind was focused with every second on the throbbing, consistently surging muscle that felt, with every step, that they were seconds away from throbbing too strongly for her to bear.

She realized her breath was shallow and quick as she made her way down the dim hallway, her steps small but quick. The doors of all the rooms she'd checked stood on either side, some still partway open. She glanced at one or two of them anxiously, seeing only furniture and tapestries, and could not help but halt in her steps. The pressure was incredible. She could feel the muscles around her pisshole practically vibrating with the effort it took to impede the inevitable flood of urine that wanted so desperately to escape. She made a small, whimpering sound in spite of her valiant effort to hold onto her modesty, and crossed her legs together.

She forced herself to keep walking. It wasn't easy. Her thighs were clenched, her ankles stiff, and she found herself slowing her hesitant walk to a full stop several times. Her hand, buried deep inside her crotch, she stuck her knees tight together. Oh God, the pressure.

Her bladder was so swollen, jutting out of her gut like a boulder, hard as a rock, filled with so much water. It was driving her insane.

At length she straightened her posture, allowing the particularly strong spasm to subside as best she could, and was ultimately able to take a few more steps. She had to hold it. She had to. She had literally no choice, at least until she was able to get further upstairs, maybe there was a privy there. It was all she could do to keep from bursting right where she was, merely trying to hurry through the hall.

"Ohh..." she groaned quietly in her misery. The walls of her bladder stretched still further and pinched at her mercilessly in protest. She shushed it. She told herself that she could hold it. After all, she was the Queen of twelve countries. She could surely hold it however long she had to, no matter how... pressing the need.

She tried to take a deep breath, and prepared herself to move further upstairs to search more rooms, that might possibly have a privy. She bent at the waist, her hand trembling on the wall, in a cold sweat.

"Ohhhh, God please..." she moaned, and closed her eyes for a moment, her body seconds away from giving out. Her bladder sent her a particularly hot, sharp twinge; so strong and so urgent she was unable to stop a small leak from bursting into her clothes. Oh, dear God, where are all the privies in this bloody castle?

"Ohhhh..." she moaned softly. Oh, my god, help me, she thought. Oh, just please make it stop...

She didn't dare move for several seconds. She stood, her bladder ready to explode, her knees almost numb from being held so tense. Finally, regaining some semblance of control she was again able to stand more or less upright. Just hold it a little longer, she told herself. Just try and make it...

She decided then to try and venture up the stairs, although there was no promise of finding a privy. She crossed the short hallway, her great need weighing her down with every careful step.

I don't know how much longer I can take this; I really don't, she thought, her agony reaching a panicking stage. I have to piss… oh god how I have to piss… her thoughts trailed off as she reached the first step on the landing. Her bladder trembled, threatening her. It was the worst state of desperation she could remember in all her years as the Queen.

"I'm not going to make it!" she said out loud suddenly. She turned back to the hall behind her. Her bladder bursting. It was more than what the Queen could stand. She took only a few more mincing, contorted steps, as far as the first door, one of the few she'd thought to close, when suddenly her bladder quivered with sick violence, and to her horror and humiliation, she felt a long, hot stream of urine escape and soak, warm, into the fabric of her smallclothes. She let out a cry and quickly lifted her gown, her hands darting towards the string of her drawers.

It was too late. She couldn't help it. She was wetting her clothes.

She struggled, still fighting madly to untie the strings, she fought to stop herself, and with a good deal of painful clenching and contorting, was just able to stem the ferocious oncoming flood, issuing only threatening threads and dribbles into her clothes.

Immediately she ducked into the first room opposite, its door still open from before. She scuffled into the dark, both hands still wrestling with the strings. Her bladder throbbed, and before she was even fully into the shadows, she began to void even more strongly. "Oh, god, please no, not here, not here...!" She cried out, her voice pleading, feeling herself on the very verge of breaking utterly and completely.

She just had to get the strings of her drawers open; already she could feel an alarming amount of wetness and warmth between her legs, trickling down the insides of her thighs. She was wetting, most certainly, but only in long spurts. She fought to control the complete spill, dying from shame, and by the time she was finally able to undo the string of her drawers, she was in tears.

It took a great deal of pressure off her bladder and she tried to catch her breath. She was trembling all over, crying from how badly she needed to urinate. She bent forward in an agonized curtsey, her legs crossed in a desperate attempt to hold on. She looked with frantic, tear-stained eyes around the strange room for anything she could possibly use as a chamber pot.

"Ahhh...!" she cried softly, alone in the room, her thighs tightly pressed together. She crossed her legs tighter, biting her lip, her beautiful face desperate and squeezed her crotch tighter, her gown lifted and drawers open by the string. There were only a few drops on the floor beneath her, not at all the massive puddle she wanted so desperately to avoid. "Oh, dear GOD!" she whined.

She fought another strong , overwhelming surge and kept her grip between her legs tight as ever. She saw nothing in the room but tables, chairs, and books. Obviously it was a library. She took a few hunched tiptoed steps over toward the other side of the room, peering into the corners, hoping against hope for the sight of a wastebasket or anything she could piss into. Nothing. She bobbed up and down, made cringing, little sobbing noises. She had never in all her life as a lady been so embarrassed.

I don't know what I'm going to do, she thought. "I'm going to wet myself!" another strong spasm swept through her bladder and her muscles quite forgot their task, and despite all her efforts, all her contortions and squeezing, a thick jet of piss managed to escape, spreading more wetness around her crotch.

Oh, god, I can't hold it! Another leak began to travel down her thighs. The Queen wrenched herself tightly, but it was simply no use. She was bursting, completely. She dashed into the closest corner and in one lightening movement, tore down her drawers and smallclothes to her knees.

She could not even wait until she was squatting, but the instant her small clothe was down and her legs just starting to bend her piss came blasting out. The Queen had never pissed like that before, a jet of pee that seemed at least an inch across erupted with such force that she expected to see it make a hole in the path.

She was finally wetting so thunderously and furiously she was almost unable to keep her balance on the squat. She could not stop. The urine came in hard, pouring waves, fast, pounding, making an embarrassingly loud, un-ignorable hiss. She gasped aloud, her eyes fluttering, faint with relief. Oh the pressure! She felt it come, so heavy and so complete, all that fullness and all that water, so heavy...

Moaning as she watched the river pour out of her, she realized with terrible shame that she had truly and finally lost her most private battle but it felt better than the loudest orgasm she had ever had.

It was all she could do to keep herself sane, her thighs twitching with the amazing relief in her crotch, and watch helplessly as hours of waiting and suffering and torture came at last to a gorgeous end. The puddle grew quickly, pooling hot around on the hard wooden edges of the floor before finally seeping into the large carpet. The red nap of the fabric turned dark and glistened. She loathed spoiling it, but there was nothing to be done. Soaking the floor had turned out to be an inevitability.

"Ohhh, dear God forgive me, I just couldn't wait," she whispered in all valiant modest sincerity as she felt her bladder finally beginning to deflate. All the panic and worry she had been carrying around for hours fading away at last. Oh, the relief!

She just watched as her stream went on and on and on. “I had so much water” she breathed. That feeling of the thick long torrent of water running out of her body was pure ecstasy, “Oh, god forgive me . . .” she breathed.

After several minutes, she felt the cascade begin to subside. The floor was covered with it, the carpet was drenched. It was still coming. Wary, suddenly, of possible discovery, she cast a quick, anguished glance over her shoulder to the direction of the door, and realized then that she had neglected in her haste to close it behind her.

She hurried to finish up. After another long minute, the flow suddenly died away, then after a couple more short blasts, Charlotte was finished. She finally felt empty, and so much better though quite exhausted from having to hold so much for so long. This was undoubtedly, the most important piss of her life.

She quickly stood back up, pulled up her undergarments, and adjusted her gown before wiping the tears from her beautiful face as she made towards the door.

She inspected the front of her gown in the light of the hallway. It showed no damage but the wetness around her crotch would be a problem for the rest of the night.

They would leave for the capital come day break and until then she’d have to play like nothing happened.

Charlotte then stepped into the hallway, closed the door behind her, inspected her gown for the one last time, and headed for the stairs.

Maybe some wine would help.

###

Thank you for reading! My other Queen Charlotte stories-

1. A Song of Swords.pdf

2. To Godswick.pdf

(Warning : Contains Scat)

*003*2016-05-26 02:26

{{On 5/24/2016 at 2:54 PM, Minervafan110 said:

That was so Awsome poor Queen Charlotte though couldn't find anything to pee in someone is going to walk into the library look at the puddle and say there's a leak somewhere lol

}}

{{21 hours ago, DespMely said:

That was very well written. I like historical fiction and the descriptions were really good!

}}

Thank you Minervafan and DespMely for the generous comments. I'm glad you like my work! :-)

*005*2016-05-26 18:22

{{On 5/26/2016 at 8:03 PM, Minervafan110 said:

Anytime =)

}}

Thank you Minervafan. You've always given me the motivation to continue writing how so ever bad my stories might have been. Thank you so much for the unwavering support. It means a lot to me.

Anyways, let's do the Champion dance!

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Y963o_1q71M?feature=oembed"

*008*2016-05-27 05:25

{{12 hours ago, DerivativeWings said:

}}

Thank you DerivativeWings, that really means a lot to me. I believe it's just a phase and it will soon pass.The immense love and support I've got from you all here is too much to be kept away. I thought of quitting but now I think that I just need to push myself as much as I can. Though I won't have much time in the future, I still will try my best to see if I can post more. Because winners never quit and quitters never win!

Just one thing I wanted to ask, did you read the story above? Did you like it? What did you think could have been done to make it better?

P.S- For anybody who is interested, here is the pdf version of 'The Lord's Tourney' - The Lord's Tourney.pdf

. Enjoy!

*010*2016-05-28 16:22

{{9 hours ago, Hijrapimpm said:

Amazing!

}}

Thank you, Hijrapimpm, I'm glad you like it!

*011*2016-06-08 14:40

Hello, everyone! This is the Map of Solambria I made for my 'The Queen' story series. I don't know how many of you would be interested in it but I just thought of sharing it here! :)

$$

*013*2016-07-08 03:43

Thank you so much! I'm glad you like it!

