The Never Pee Land

Author: Pain

*000*2017-12-31 16:03

This is a piece I wrote for someone, just thought of sharing it here for the ladies who might be interested. Apologies if it is not good enough. Happy New Year 2018 to all! Enjoy!

###

Athena, The Lady of Thesox loved watching men desperate to pee. All her life, she had dreamt of controlling a man’s piss. Having absolute authority over a man’s bladder.

After her husband, the lord passed away, leaving behind five children in her safety, Athena had found herself busy with the duties of being a mother and the lady of a vast kingdom. But now that her children were busy with themselves, it left Athena with the time to explore her fantasies.

Lady Athena declared an open challenge, “I hereby declare that I will award a large castle and a beautiful wife to any man who would dare to accept my challenge of holding his piss until I give him the discretion to release his waters...”

The word spread like wildfire through the country, but no man dared to accept the challenge. Several days passed but to Lady Athena’s great dismay, no one stepped up to confront her.

But then, a fortnight later, a man named Malcolm visited her castle.

“I accept your challenge!” he said.

“Oh, but remember, once you participate, you can only quit if I give you the permission, and not before” Lady Athena smirked.

“I accept your challenge my lady” Malcolm said, “I have a large bladder.”

“Very well then, the challenge will start tomorrow, get a good night’s sleep” she said, “I shall see you in the morning.” Malcolm was shown to his chambers by the servants.

The next morning, when Malcolm visited the grand hall of the castle, he found Lady Athena already waiting for him there, with a large tub of lukewarm water that had vapours of steam rising from it.

“From today on, each day, you’ll drink a hundred and ninety litres of water in the morning. An elephant drinks this much in the entire day, so I guess it will be good for you as starters” Athena smiled haughtily, almost expecting Malcolm to be shocked at the amount she had mentioned but the man stood defiant.

Gulping the lump in his throat, he began drinking from the tub with the help of a jug. And after two hours of continuous drinking, the man was finished with the tub.

“Looks like you have finished it all! Good, that’ll ready you for a big pee” Lady Athena smiled.

It was true, Malcolm’s stomach felt bloated with all the water and he knew, such a large quantity would make him piss like an elephant. But he wasn’t worried. With his bladder capacity, needing to pee was never an issue.

Lady Athena and Malcolm spent the morning in the church and during the lunch hours, she had her servants serve Malcolm with sixty litres of hot barley tea.

That was too much liquid going inside his bladder and Malcolm was beginning to get worried if he’d be able to hold it till Lady Athena wanted him to. But with hesitation, he drank down all the tea given to him and hoped it wouldn’t make him want to pee badly.

But while Lady Athena was enjoying the desperation Malcolm was facing, another problem was brewing inside the stable of her castle.

Oros was a majestic and powerful centaur that Lady Athena had as her pet and her protector. The being though thoughtful and intelligent, was kept in the stable along with the horses.

He was gifted to the Lady by a fabled conjuror and would only listen to commands from Athena.

Each morning and evening, the lady would take the centaur out of the castle for a piss as the other servants were scared to go even near the fiend. But since the last two days, the lady had completely forgotten about her pet.

“Where is my lady? She hasn’t visited me in two days...” the centaur asked a servant nearby who happened to be feeding the horses.

“Well she’s busy with a guest” he answered before walking away with a stack of hay in his hands.

Oros held the chain around his neck and sighed in dismay before settling down to the ground. Each day, the being was given four hundred and fifty litres of water to drink, which meant, he already had over nine hundred litres in his bladder. But his vessel was huge and Oros knew he could hold longer if needs be, but not much longer.

Inside the stone walls of the castle, Malcolm was beginning to feel the first signs of his filling bladder but he was confident he could wait.

Athena could see the first signs of a bladder bulge beginning to form in Malcolm’s midriff. She invited him for a walk in the gardens, hoping some movement would help him digest all that liquid quicker. She noticed the man walked a bit weirdly, but then what could she expect from a person containing over two hundred and fifty litres of liquid in his stomach.

In the evening, Malcolm was served, fifteen litres of milk along with thirty five more litres of water. The man was trembling at the liquid intake.

“My lady, I just wanted to know how long will this challenge last?” Malcolm asked, placing a hand on his rapidly filling bladder.

“Until I am sure that you have the biggest bladder, this challenge will go on” Lady Athena smirked. She could see his bladder distinctly bulging over his breeches and she knew he had some serious pressure building up, much to her amusement.

Little did Lady Athena know that her day was going to get much busier though. A huge blow of trumpets from the courtyard announced the arrival of Prince Noah to the castle.

The Prince had travelled all the way to Lady Athena’s castle far up north to take an account of the law and order in her state.

“Very welcome my prince, it is a great honour to have you as our guest” the lady greeted.

“I am pleased my lady, could you please show me to my chambers, it has been a long and cold journey and I would like to have some rest” the Prince said.

Lady Athena personally showed the Prince to his chambers and once alone the Prince made his way straight to the privy. Though in his mid thirties, the prince was a strong and muscular man who drank plenty of water each day. Since the morning, the prince charming had drunk over two hundred litres of pure water, and a large amount of honey water and lemonade.

But unfortunately for the Prince, when he tried to open the large wooden door of his privy, it refused to budge. It was jammed.

The Prince thought of telling Lady Athena of the problem but then decided against it, as it was thought to be a matter of great disgrace for a monarch to tell someone about their need to relieve themselves.

The Prince went downstairs to have his supper, but much to his annoyance and frustration, the servants poured him mug after mug of hard cold beer. Lady Athena wondered what a big pee the prince would take after all that beer, and decided to feed the same amount to Malcolm who was sitting right next to her at the table.

By the time the dinner was done, both Prince Noah and Malcolm had drunk over twenty large mugs of beer, and Lady Athena was pleased to think of how much Malcolm’s bladder would fill over the course of the night.

Noah however was absolute about not disclosing his problem to Lady Athena. So the Prince quietly went to bed, hoping to find a solution to his problem the next day.

*003*2018-01-03 15:07

{{6 hours ago, hydroStorm said:

Why remove most of the story?

}}

Because after I posted it, I thought maybe posting it in parts would be better. It'll help me gauge the interest of the people.
