The Never Pee Land

Author: Pain

*007*2018-01-04 04:25

{{5 hours ago, Jasmine884 said:

I love male desperation and I love this story!. Please contuie it? (Sorry for typeos...)

}}

Thank you so much for the comment! I am glad you like my work. I was a bit nervous about this. Thank you so much for your support!

{{2 hours ago, DesperateCAN said:

Just a comment, Lady Athena has him drink way above the Lethal dose of water (26 L).

}}

Hahahah! I know! The person who requested this and I, both are a tad bit into going overboard with things. I think regular omorashi stories are too many over here, a little change only adds a bit of spice and may help people find new tastes and interests!

{{1 hour ago, tevoka said:

I liked it. Please let us read the rest.

}}

Sure, my dear friend, I'll post the full-length story for you all here.

I would like to humbly request you all to leave feedback and comments as they act as great motivation for a writer like me and gives me the enthusiasm and strength to go from one story to another. I hope this story will be as entertaining for you all as I intended it to be. Enjoy!

****

The next day when Malcolm woke up, his bladder felt much heavier than yesterday, it had filled with an enormous amount of urine but it still didn’t make him feel very desperate.

The Prince on the other hand stood up mighty confidently from his bed and dressed for the day, completely forgetting his day old unrelieved bladder.

Both men had almost two hundred litres of water for breakfast, and while the Prince totally forgot about his filling bladder vessel, Malcolm was beginning to feel the first signs of desperation.

“My lady, when do you think this challenge will end?” he asked, placing a hand on his lap near his crotch as he sat on the chair.

“As I’ve told you before, you will have to hold it till I am satisfied with the fact that you have a big enough bladder” Lady Athena smiled at him. He had begun to fear that smile. Lady Athena was pushing his bladder beyond limits and he didn’t know how long he’d be able to hold his pee off.

For lunch, the Prince had his usual twenty litres of lemonade while Malcolm was served nettle tea of the same amount. Both their bladders where filling up at a very rapid rate but neither of them where even close to the point of being desperate.

Both the men were carrying a lake of urine inside them and neither knew when they’ll be getting a chance to release it.

For the evening, Malcolm was given forty litres of hot cow milk as the same was demanded by the Prince to be delivered to his chambers.

Both the men were now converted into massive human sewages, holding litres and litres of waste waters inside them.

For Malcolm personally, it did not matter how much he drank until and unless he had enough time to digest it and send it to his bladder. He knew his bladder could keep on stretching no matter how much liquid it was holding. And it absolutely didn’t look like he was desperate to pee, except his inflated bladder region.

The day closed with Prince Noah drinking around forty litres of nettle tea before bed and Malcolm consuming fifteen litres of mead and twenty five litres of hard wine before going to sleep.

****

The third day was much more eventful though. Both the Prince and Malcolm drank their normal amounts of water which was an ungoldly amount. Both men were building up massive gushers inside themselves and Lady Athena was more than happy about how Malcolm’s bladder was bulging out immensely.

Malcolm could feel all the liquid streaming inside his mega bladder, swelling and filling it extensively. His humungous holding capacities were being tested to its limits.

The Prince however in his chambers was feeling a bit of unease now as the fluids rushed into his cavernous tankard, increasing the pressure continuously. Though he wasn’t worried, he knew he’d soon need an immense piss. His bladder had grown to the size of a pumpkin and he caressed it lightly before getting back to his paper work that was spread all across his table.

For the afternoon, Prince Noah had forty litres of hot creamy milk along with ten litres of water, while Malcolm had twenty litres of lemonade and thirty litres of nettle tea.

“Do you regret giving up your right to pee to me?” Lady Athena asked Malcolm haughtily as she poured him a cup of honey combed wine.

“No not at all, with my capacity, needing to pee is never an issue” Malcolm said. Lady Athena now saw Malcolm as a moving, talking sewage tank, full of waste waters ready to be released. But she was not going to grant him a release so soon.

That evening, when the Prince came down for supper, he was served another forty litres of hard lemonade along with ten litres of beer and so was the same for Malcolm.

“My Prince, there was something I needed to talk to you about” Lady Athena said, “The nearby town is hosting an annual drinking festival for its people, I plan to take Malcolm for that event and you could participate too if you find your interest in it.”

Prince Noah was taken aback at first by the information, having not made water in days, participating in a drinking contest was the last thing he wanted, but then he thought of it a bit and realized that his bladder capacity would easily help him accommodate all the extra liquid, so he agreed , “Very well, I would participate too!”

“That’s great news my Prince, I’ll send a word to my men for them to make necessary arrangements for your visit at the contest tomorrow..” Lady Athena chimed.

When the Prince left for his chambers Malcolm spoke up, “You never told me about the contest, you should have asked me first!”

“Well I don’t need to, you’ll drink as much as I tell you to” Lady Athena commanded before giving an evil smile.

Though Malcolm was not bothered as he knew drinking didn’t matter as nothing would come out of his gargantuan bladder without his permission.

Before going to the bed though, he had fifty litres of hard beer from the kitchen and the Prince drank mead of the same quantity which was served to him in his chambers, all of the liquid, now ferociously pumping inside the men’s bladders, which were now ballooning at an immense rate.

****

The next morning, after the men had drunk two hundred litres of water each, all three of them, Lady Athena, Prince Noah and Malcolm, headed to the village in a huge carriage for the contest.

It was the fourth day since either Prince Noah or Malcolm had made waters and the pressure inside their bladder tanks was increasing at an astounding rate and they still had more liquids to follow throughout the day.

People were surprised and cheered when they saw the Prince and the Lady Athena. Malcolm walked with a hand on his protruding bladder bulge but never did he feel even the slightest urge for relief. He was in stone cold control.

The first contest was between a wholly mammoth and the Prince. The Prince had never expected the contest would be against an animal so big but he didn’t complain.

Both the animal and Prince Noah were given two hundred and fifty litres of water to drink and to the immense amazement of the crowd, the Prince was able to finish all of it though an hour later than the mammoth.

“Don’t worry my Prince, this is an open contest, you can drink as much as you want” Lady Athena smiled and so did the Prince.

“I know, many thanks my lady” he said.

Then came Malcolm’s turn, who was asked to drink an entire barrel of beer. He drank it without any complain and hoped that would be enough for the day but he was wrong.

All the contestants were then given an option of either peeing and leaving the contest or going on to the next round, which needed all the participants to drink a hundred litres of honey water. No man could even think of daring to drink a hundred litres, it was too much, but Prince Noah and Malcolm were different. They both accepted the challenge and drank a hundred litres more leaving the crowd flabbergasted.

The crowd clapped and jeered as the men drank their portion before exiting the stage.

Back in the castle, both of them were given forty litres of hot nettle tea before they went to rest. And only woke up when it was time for supper, and had fifty litres of hot milk before retiring for the day.

Athena was really happy with the way Malcolm’s bladder was filling. He truly had a mighty bladder and she was going to make him wait until it absolutely exploded.

****

The fifth day came with a problem. The loaded and overfull bladders of both the men were now beginning to tremble a bit. While Malcolm’s piss was in control of Lady Athena, Prince Noah didn’t have a place to wee. So they both held on, waiting for the day to unfold.

Malcolm’s bladder was beginning to ache a bit, while Prince Noah felt full though not desperate.

They drank their usual amount of water before going for a horse ride together. In the afternoon, they stopped at a nearby inn where they had rice beer, though both men had over fifty litres of rice beer each, which was much greater in proportion to Lady Athena.

On the ninth day, Oros, Lady Athena’s pet centaur, wanted to pee very badly, his long thick cock now hurting to control all the pee in his gigantic bladder. But he suffered quietly. Waiting for his mistress, to come and take him out for a big piss.

The pressure was insane, so much as though it felt he was holding a flood inside his cock, but Oros withheld the agony and bobbled on his back hooves.

Pissing in the stable was out of question as it would be humiliating to say the least. He was a centaur, not a horse to relieve himself in the open for everyone to watch. Four hundred and fifty litres of hot water each day had stretched his bladder to an insane extent and it had now started to hurt very badly.

****

Time went by, and each day Prince Noah and Malcolm continued to drink hundreds of litres of liquids unprecedentedly. Their bladders swelling to immense proportions to contain the immeasurable amount of liquid they were consuming.

Though their bladders were much too large to be troubled by any amount of liquid getting pumped inside of them, things had changed by when the fifteenth day came. Both men woke up with hard swollen, protruding bladders that jutted out of their guts like water tanks. Pissing was on the top priority for both of them now. God they were desperate and absolutely bursting for a massive piss but the problem still persisted. Prince Noah had nowhere to go and Lady Athena had not given Malcolm the permission to pee yet. It was the beginning of desperate times for both men.

Both gentlemen started off with their regular two hundred litres of water in the morning. By the afternoon, their bladders had acquired enough liquids to swell them up like crazy, their breeches were now cutting into their bulges.

Both their bladders were immensely tired, but they kept the fight on, determined not to give up. Increasing bladder pangs made both of them extremely annoyed as the day wore on but there was nothing they could do about their situations.

Prince Noah drank a heavy two hundred and fifty litres of combined nettle tea, creamy hot milk and lager for the lunch while Malcolm resorted to a meagre seventy litres of barely tea along with a bit of toast.

Liquid after liquid was getting stored inside their fatigued bladders, their cocks aching for massive pisses but their fate seemed to be against them. Desperation was beginning to boil as their bladders brewed colossal amounts of pure, heated urine, full of pressure.

Prince Noah found that he wasn’t able to concentrate on things now. He noticed his heart was beating much faster than before and his bladder was ballooning so much, it was getting difficult to walk. It was beginning to hurt when he walked. And though his filling, brimming bladder was breaking him, he decided to hide his dilemma. There was no away he could tell anyone that his privy door was jammed and that he was aching for a pee. Never, a prince would never do that.

Malcolm’s tale was not very different. His bladder was fast approaching its limits and he was beginning to get restless for a pee. “My Lady can I piss now?” he asked, “My bladder is swollen so much it hurts, I have been drinking for days and haven’t had a pee, please let me go...”

“Not yet my friend... your test must continue” Lady Athena smiled.

Malcolm cursed her under his breath and continued holding and holding and holding. His bladder had grown gigantic, Lady Athena could not believe at the size of it and gaped in astonishment. She was determined to break him.

“I just want to see you grab your crotch and dance, trying not to wet your pants” she laughed as she looked at Malcolm’s frustrated face.

It was on the morning of the sixteenth day that, Prince Noah woke up to a huge ache in his bladder. The walls of his vessel were stretched, the thick two hundred litres of honey milk he drank yesterday along with the large barrel of beer, now filling all the nooks and corners of his monstrous bladder.

But he refused to act differently in the face of his immensely full bladder and swore to uphold his grace and panache as the Prince.

Malcolm though had to cross his legs at times during the lunch as he felt his humongous bladder being challenged by wave after wave of desperation.

Both the men drank with reckless abandon. A hundred and fifty litres of strong nettle tea during the lunch, upon their usual two hundred litres of morning water. Pissing was becoming a compulsion. Such heavy amounts of liquids were being consumed by both men yet, not even a single drop of it had been released till now. There bladders were breaking now, the walls of their vessels stretched to an unbelievable limit.

The building up of frustration, pressure and liquid, all was being controlled by these men. Unbelievable effort put into their worked out sphincters and overloaded bladders. Their cocks were trembling to piss but relief didn’t seem to be in sight. The time to empty the sewage tanks was coming.

****

The torture continued through the seventeenth day, gushers building up inside two quiet but achingly full bladders.

Malcolm’s bladder was absolutely bursting by this point and he only wished to pee it all out. He was terrified at the thought of drinking more when his bladder was ready to explode with all its might. There was absolutely no space left inside him, he had to piss like crazy.

“My lady, I beg you to let me piss.... my bladder is so full it hurts, I think it will explode, let me go! I beg you!” Malcolm cried with tears in his eyes as he grabbed his crotch tight. He didn’t know what else to do.

“Have patience my dearie” Lady Athena laughed, “Let me enjoy this a bit...”

Prince Noah’s condition wasn’t much better either. He was having trouble even reading letters and messages, such was the pressure he was facing but unfortunately for him, there was no place for him to let it out. Poor Prince was dying for a massive piss, yet there was no one he could tell about his problem.

Both Prince Noah and Malcolm knew that their bladders were ready to crack and yet there was absolutely nothing they could do. But the Prince was not going to give up. He knew his bladder could expand further and he knew his loyal vessel would never give way or crack under any amount of pressure.

He lifted his dress to see the bulge, it was immense but still he tried to hide it. Although in his mind he had resolved it, he didn’t know if his body would support him as The Prince had never held his pee this long ever before.

The day passed by with Malcolm and the Prince drinking hundreds of litres of milk, beer and lager to the point where both their pissing pressures increased manifolds but they hung on.

Neither the Prince nor Malcolm could sleep the entire night, but the morning of the eighteenth day came with a good news for poor Malcolm who was fighting a losing battle against his bursting bladder. After he had consumed his share of morning water, Lady Athena took Malcolm for a ride, who had become so heavy with his bladder weight that his horse was having trouble carrying him.

They rode on for an hour before stopping at the gates of a massive castle near the river. “This is the gift I promised you...” Lady Athena spoke, smiling at Malcolm. “It’s treasury is full of gold, silver and diamonds, enough for you to spend for your entire life...”

The poor man couldn’t believe his eyes. He finally had his own castle and soon he’d have his wife too.

“So this means the contest is over? I can pee finally now?” he asked, desperate to hear a yes.

“Not yet my dear” Lady Athena chuckled, “You still have a bride to win and for that you’ll have to face a final challenge....” she said before turning her horse around and galloping away.

Malcolm was going mad, he was ready to pee anywhere, in the road, in the woods, inside Lady Athena’s mouth, anywhere! He just had to pee but Lady Athena was not letting him! He was getting furious, busting for a monstrous piss!

At the dinner table that night, the Prince grabbed his crotch multiple times to control his pee and also crossed his legs to control his desperation all the while making sure that no one was watching him. But the same liberty was not given to Malcolm who was constantly being looked after by Lady Athena.

After a heavy dinner of three hundred litres of mammoth milk and honey water, both Malcolm and Prince Noah went to sleep, their bladders absolutely bursting and both unsure if they’d be able to survive the night.

As Malcolm struggled in his bed to control his boiling piss, he heard a slight knock on his door. He sat up on his bed and saw a maid enter, “M’lord, don’t worry, I am here to talk” she told him before pushing his shoulders to indicate him to lie down, “my name is Melanie my lord and I’m here to help you...”

Malcolm was confused, who was she and what kind of help was she talking about?

“My Lord I know you haven’t made waters in days and you are absolutely dying for a piss, let me help, please piss in this chamber pot I brought for you..” she slowly slid out the pot she was carrying in her robes, “I promise I won’t tell anyone about it...”

Malcolm felt as if this was a brutal joke. He knew the chamber pot would never be able to hold the amount he had in his bladder but something was better than nothing.

Melanie reached for the string on his breeches and pulled out his long cock and aimed it to the bowl. Malcolm closed his eyes in the thought of immense relief.

But even after waiting for more than a minute nothing was released from his bladder, “I’m afraid once I start I won’t be able to hold back, it’s been so long since I’ve peed” Malcolm wailed.

“Don’t worry, I’ll let it out” Melanie assured. She corked the head of Malcolm’s long cock and tugged it a bit to release a squirt of piss into the bowl and Malcolm groaned with relief, “Aaaaaahhhhhh....!! More... more... let more come out” he begged as he clutched the pillow under his head.

Melanie continued to tug his cock like a cow’s udders, drawing piss one squirt at a time. Malcolm was shivering with relief as Melanie filled the bowl with his piss, before pulling his breeches back up and tying the knot.

“I’m really desperate, I want to pee more” Malcolm begged, grabbing his crotch tightly as he lay on his bed, the flames of the fireplace burning hot.

“The pot is full, you cannot pee anymore” Melanie said.

“H-how were you able to control my bladder when I was sure I would lose control if I peed a little,” Malcolm asked puzzled.

“Well my lord, I practice a bit of witchcraft and can control a man’s body better than him” she smiled, “That’d be a hundred golden coins my lord.”

“A hundred gold coins? You never said anything about money?!” Malcolm complained.

“Well time is money my lord and for each litre I extract out of you, it will be a hundred golden coins” Melanie sighed, “Remember if it weren’t for me, you would have wet the bed tonight.”

“Oh...” Malcolm wailed in pain and desperation. He knew what she was saying was right, so he handed her a pouch of hundred golden coins before she left the room, leaving his bladder aching and still very full.

The next morning was a tormenting one. The Prince had leaked a tiny bit in his small clothe during the night, it was only a few drops but enough to get him worried. He quickly changed out of his clothes and went for the aching breakfast of two hundred litres of water.

His bursting piss need was catching up to him, an inescapable part of nature that he surely couldn’t resist forever.

“Ahh, my bladder” he wailed with his eyes closed, and grabbing his crotch under the table. All through his conversation with Lady Athena, our Prince charming lost control of his train of thoughts at multiple occasions, pausing and gasping for extended intervals.

“Are you alright my prince?” Lady Athena asked, “Are you unwell? Is there something bothering you?”

“N-No, not at all” Prince Noah fumbled, “I just couldn’t get a proper sleep last night, I feel a bit tired that’s all” he spoke, trying his level best to keep his composure calm and collected. He pressed his thighs together as he walked away to his chambers, his bladder absolutely bursting.

The insane amount of liquid intake continued for both Prince Noah and Malcolm throughout the day. For lunch they had a whopping seventy litres of honey milk and for the evening, the prince had sixty litres of lemonade with forty litres of Orange juice, while Malcolm had a hundred litres of water. All that liquid made its way to their still expanding bladders, though there was hardly any space left inside their tanks. Things were getting out of hand for both the men with their bladders ready to explode at any moment.

Malcolm’s condition was worse than Prince Noah’s. The man’s bladder was ready to blow apart any second and he had been letting out drops of pee into his small clothes.

When the night fell and dinner was done with more copious amounts of liquids, Lady Athena broke the news to Malcolm, “Your final contest is tomorrow” she spoke, “You’ll find the bride of your dreams tomorrow if you fulfil my last challenge” she spoke.

“W-what challenge?” Malcolm spoke, “Will I get to pee after that?”

“Yes, you will” Lady Athena laughed, “You’ll find out what the challenge is on the morrow, be prepared” she said before retiring to her chambers.

Malcolm couldn’t wait for tomorrow, he’ll finally get to pee and end this agony of carrying around an enormously full bladder.

The next morning when Malcolm woke up from his sleep, his bladder felt like an enormous boulder inside his gut, filled with gallons and gallons of urine. He got up and dressed himself, somehow stopping himself from peeing all over the carpet and then made his way downstairs, all the while pressing his cock between his thighs, nursing a bladder full of his piss.

“My lady I am dying for the toilet....” he cried out as, bobbing on his knees as soon as he reached the grand dining table, “Please... please... please let me pee...!”

“You’ll get a chance to pee” Lady Athena instructed him to sit, “First finish your water, we’ll leave then and I’ll tell you about your last challenge on the way.”

After the breakfast was done, they both moved out where a large carriage was waiting for them. Climbing inside the carriage was a big task for Malcolm, holding a bladder so full of piss and he crossed his legs as soon as he found himself seated.

They began the ride and the carriage stopped before the Colosseum, the arena where the great battles took place.

“Every beautiful girl in this country has come to see this fight, do not disappoint them” Lady Athena spoke as she exited the carriage.

“Fight?” Malcolm was taken aback, “How can I fight like this, I cannot even stand straight, let alone walk!”

“You’ll not have to fight, someone will fight for you, to save you” she said before indicating the servants to take Malcolm away.

In the back, Malcolm’s mouth was gagged and his hands and legs tied together at the back, an extremely painful position when nursing a bladder ready to burst apart.

He was then carried before the stadium a quarter full of beautiful ladies who were all, prospective brides of Malcolm, according to Lady Athena.

He was carefully left in the middle of the ground by the servants as he continued to hold on to his aching, stretching bladder. Malcolm had no idea what was happening. One moment he was in a carriage riding with Lady Athena and in the other he was lying in the middle of an open ground, his hands and legs tied and his mouth gagged. He had to pee so badly, but all these women were looking at him cheering and yelling, he could never wet himself in front of them. Never.

“The rules remain the same” Lady Athena yelled and everyone fell silent, “The victim lies on the field, waiting to be rescued. Every woman willing to win his heart, will one by one try to defend him against one common enemy and the one who succeeds, marries Malcolm, but they’ll get only one chance. Am I clear?”

Malcolm couldn’t believe his ears, he was going to be rescued by women but against whom, that was yet to be found out. He could have never imagined that his bride would be chosen this way. From the exit in front of him, entered a beautiful woman clad in armour and carrying a spear and besides her walked a majestic lion, her defender.

“My eldest daughter, Olympia will be the challenger” Lady Athena roared and clapped in excitement and so did the crowd of women, “Let the contest begin!”

He saw Olympia walk towards him along with her lion, she looked into his desperate eyes. He tried to tell her that his bladder was about to burst but couldn’t as his mouth was gagged.

His eyes went wide with horror when she lifted her spear, but she cut his breeches open around his crotch, “I want to see your cock...” she said with a blank face as she used the wooden tip of her spear to free his genital and bring it out in the open. All the women cheered at the sight of his cock.

“I know everything my mother has been doing to you” Olympia said, “...and if you dare pee before the fight is over, I’ll have you hanged.” She gave an evil smile and turned around.

The fight began and the lion roared with all its might, attacking the first woman defender of Malcolm.

Malcolm was scared so badly that he didn’t know what to do. His bladder was aching so badly that he was going to cry but Olympia had warned him against peeing.

He couldn’t think of anything, so he closed his eyes and put all his strength in holding his pee back that was now slipping towards the edge of his cock. His dam was going to burst.

When the first defender fell against the blows of Olympia, a short spurt of hot piss escaped Malcolm’s tired bladder and the women cheered at this sight, most of all Lady Athena, “Don’t piss! Hold it back!”

But by this point Malcolm’s bladder had reached its absolute limits. Fear, mixed with pressure and tension were wrecking havoc on his swollen vessel. Another long hot leak escaped for everyone to watch, and all the women yelled or clapped or cursed.

It was so humiliating for Malcolm. His bladder was paining so much, he wanted to cry but couldn’t.

And then finally, when he heard the lion roar one more time, he trembled in fear and his dam of hot urine exploded. A strong stream started to flow through the ground, from where he was lying to where the fight was going on.

The women in the stands screamed and cursed in excitement as they saw Malcolm’s piss flowing through the battle field.

Malcolm laid silently, with eyes closed as immense amount of relief flowed through his body, his body had absolutely no strength to hold back the pee.

“Don’t pee, it is against the rules, if your bladder runs empty, you’ll be hanged” he heard one of the defenders speak to him who had shifted away from battle. Olympia was engaged with five other women and had her hands full.

The defender woman’s words scared Malcolm even more and he tried to stop his flow but failed. There was so much pressure inside his bladder and it was all coming out if front of these beautiful women who were watching every moment of his gigantic release.

A gigantic, foamy and hot puddle of pee was forming on the field as Malcolm battled against his bladder but to no avail.

He partially did not want to stop pissing, his body needed it, but he needed to save his life first. Torn between his orgasmic relief and the fear of being hanged, Malcolm tried his best to stop his powerful flow but failed.

The women in the stands were shocked at the amount coming out of Malcolm, “God, look at how much he is pissing!” he heard one woman say.

“I can’t imagine how long he must have been holding to pee that much” he heard another woman say.

“He’s an elephant...look how much is pouring out of him!!” another woman cheered and laughed.

Malcolm’s body trembled with relief as his salty foamy piss continued to get collected to the massive puddle. The puddle was so large that it looked as if there had been a sewage burst, but that was indeed not the case.

He breathed in great relief as his body gave out completely and he just let his urine flow out of him in a ferociously strong and steady stream.

He went on peeing and peeing and peeing as up to eight women tried to defend him against Olympia but all of them fell one by one.

After two solid hours, when the fight was over, Malcolm’s bladder was completely empty and deflated and all his defenders lied on the ground, injured. Only Olympia stood on his enormous puddle of piss.

This had been the most satisfying piss of his life and there was absolutely no way he could have stopped it. He had tried, but the force inside his bladder had been too much.

Lady Athena stepped down from the stands and came to the field to stand alongside her daughter on the immense puddle of his piss, “I hereby declare, Olympia the winner!” she raised her daughter’s hand and the crowd of women cheered, some still amazed at the quantity Malcolm had urinated.

The poor man was sent to the dungeons on Lady Athena’s orders and as they exited the arena she asked her daughter, “You saw how much he peed?” the tone of excitement imminent in her voice.

“Yes, he was truly desperate” Olympia laughed, “I love it when men pee out of my fear.”

Back in the castle, Prince Noah was still mighty desperate. His bladder extremely full of pee.

Many a times he had erased the thoughts of telling Lady Athena of his problem, he could never tell about his need to pee to anyone, especially a woman! Never! So he chose to suffer in silence.

The prince drank over three hundred litres of hot barley tea, that evening. And for dinner he had his usual barrel of hard beer.

His bladder throbbed and ached but, he kept letting it swell further and further instead of emptying it. His bladder was now a tank of waste water, swollen so much that it hurt to walk, carrying his pressurizing piss.

His steps became smaller and his breathing heavier as he continued through the day. His bladder was throbbing and aching but he was determined to continue holding.

In the evening, the Prince drank a burdening, four hundred and ninety litres of hard ale. “I can hold it.. I can hold it!!” he told himself. His bladder was ready to blow itself apart, yet he tried to act normally.

***

It was morning of the twenty second day when Lady Athena woke up to the voice of the door opening as a maid entered along with her morning cup of tea.

“Tea, my lady” the maid said.

“I don’t want tea, get out!” Athena said, holding her head as she sat up on the bed.

“My lady this is a special tea, it will heal your headache” the maid said.

“Alright bring it in” Athena said.

“Your pet centaur my lady, he has been calling your name since last night i don’t kno--”

“Oros!” Lady Athena exclaimed in horror! It had been twenty two days since she had taken her pet centaur for a piss! His bladder must be about to explode! Lady Athena threw her covers and ran towards the stable!

“Please can someone take me out?! Please!” Oros tried to seek help, but no one came forward. His bladder was hurting so badly, his legs were shaking and his cock was aching, drop after drop of pee dripping out of it. He was running out of time, and if Lady Athena didn’t come soon, his bladder would burst right here.

Lady Athena rushed towards the stable. She couldn’t believe how careless and selfish she had been, completely forgetting about Oros’ need.

The creature saw his lady first time in so many days, and a ray of hope lit inside him, “Hurry my lady, hurry...!” he tugged at the chain around his neck, desperately trying to control the immense pressure inside his overburdened bladder and exhausted horse cock, “Hurry... hurry! Hurry!”

Another long hot leak, escaped the poor beast’s penis and hit the ground, but he somehow managed to keep the rest in. A few more moments then I’ll be in the woods, he said to himself as he saw Lady Athena struggle with the chain and the key, but the pressure had become too great by now and the reserves of strength inside the being had exhausted completely.

“M-my lady...!” Oros cried out as all of a sudden he lost all control on his bladder tank and piss thunderously erupted out of him to blast the ground.

Lady Athena saw the thick flaccid cock of the monster, flicker like a hose as litres and litres of hot urine poured out of him uncontrollably.

It was a sight unlike she had ever seen before. The stream of pee that sprayed out of the creature was so thick and ferocious, Lady Athena was sure there had been absolutely no space left inside the poor creature’s bladder.

She saw him panting with relief with his eyes closed as he held his face in humiliation and embarrassment. Peeing and peeing and peeing....

Her eyes went wide with shock as she saw the amount pouring out of the poor being. It was a barrage of urine, so much hot water that it was beginning to cover the stable floor, forming thick foam and steam wherever it went. She had never seen or heard anything like it ever before!

Oros could feel the pressure flowing out of his cock. He had held it for so long. When he was finally done, Lady Athena apologised to him and moved him to another stable.

Inside the castle, Prince Noah was absolutely dying to piss. Yet from his demeanour it looked like everything was normal. Only a few more days, then he’ll be free to go home and use his privy! Oh, god he couldn’t wait.

His bladder was threatening to rip itself apart and there was no place where the prince could empty it!

The twenty second day passed with the Prince drinking another two hundred and fifty litres of warm water before going to sleep.

The twenty third day was something different though. The Prince woke up to the sound of people screaming and a lot of commotion from the castle halls. He quickly dressed up albeit his mega loaded bladder and hurried down.

“What happened?” he asked the first person he could find.

“Lady Athena was in the gardens when she was kidnapped by a dragon! He is an evil dragon that is known to eat people!” the servant man cried out.

“Where is lady Olympia? Did she not go for her mother’s rescue?” the prince asked.

“Lady Olympia is a great warrior indeed, yet she is no match for a dragon so ferocious and strong” the man wailed, “We are truly doomed, our lady is gone!”

So the Prince with a bursting full bladder, put on his armour, climbed his horse and left to search for lady Athena.

Each gallop sent waves of agony and pressure inside his swollen bladder vessel. What Prince Noah needed was a ferocious piss not a fight against a ferocious dragon!

And after searching for a few hours, he found himself in front of a large cave at the mountain. Something told him that Lady Athena was in here so he dismounted his horse with great difficulty and walked inside the cave.

What welcomed him was a hot burst of flames. But the Prince moved away as fast as his swollen bladder could allow.

He grabbed his crotch, “Oh, man! Dying for a piss...” he sighed.

“Prince Noah! Save me!” he heard Lady Athena’s cry, who he saw was caged behind, and the dragon stood guard.

The Prince entered a vicious battle against the beast, holding on to a very full and aching bladder that greatly restricted his moment and after hours of fighting, the prince finally managed to slay the monster.

“Come my lady, we must go!” he struck down the lock of her cage and freed Lady Athena and they both climbed atop his horse and rode back to the castle of Thesox.

A huge feast was thrown that night as all celebrated the safe return of their lady and hailed the Prince as a hero. Prince Noah drank a gigantic four hundred and fifty two litres of lager and beer combined.

Peeing was not an option for the poor Prince. But he told himself that he could hold it.

At the end of the feast Lady Athena made an announcement, “As a reward for saving my life, I would like to offer Prince Noah five hundred litres of lemon tea each day!”

Everyone clapped and cheered but the Prince was gripped with horror! More liquid on top of what he was already consuming with almost no space left inside him. Please give me a toilet! , he cried within.

It would have been disrespectful to turn down an offer by a high born person and the ruler of a kingdom like Lady Athena. So the Prince quietly accepted the offering. He would just have to make more room in his bladder.

With each passing day, the Prince’s condition worsened and at a severe rate. He was not a sewage tank that could store his piss forever, he had to let it out, he was dying to let it out but there was nowhere to go!

He decided to control his need till the time he was here and then, he could rush to the capital in two days to use his privy there! That was his last and only hope!

Finally the thirtieth day came! The day Prince Noah would finally leave for his home! In an excited yet desperate state, Prince Noah woke up from his bed, drank his two hundred litres of water for breakfast and came back to his chambers to start packing for the journey. Containing in his bladder all the water, nettle tea, lemonade, beer, barley tea, ale, lemon tea, honey water, mead, orange juice, milk and other liquids, the Prince hurried. It had been a whole month since he had peed! Oh, he couldn’t wait to get home!

Piss was pressing on the flood gates of his bladder to open up, but he didn’t give way, The Prince was not going to give up without a fight!

As he climbed down the stairs, holding his mammoth full bladder, ready to say goodbye to Lady Athena, he found her standing at the foot of the stairs, waiting for him.

“My lady...”he began to say, but before he could say anything more, he was interrupted by Lady Athena.

“My Prince, I want you to stay back and train my youngest daughter, Antonia in the art of swordsmanship” Lady Athena said.

The Prince was horrified to hear this. He was absolutely bursting for a pee and any more delay might result in him losing control before he reached the capital.

“B-but my lady...”

“Please, my prince, I wouldn’t take no for an answer! You have to do this favour to me!” Lady Athena said, “There is no one better than you when it comes to swordsmanship and I want my daughter to learn from the best!”

The Prince accidentally let out a warm leak in his small clothes at the thought of holding it for even longer. He wanted to grab his crotch but couldn’t do so in front of Lady Athena.

“A-alright my lady, I will do this for you...” the Prince said, “but in return I need a favour from you too..”

“Anything my Prince, you name it” she responded, “I owe my life to you!”

“I want a different chamber to stay for the rest of my days” he blabbered out, bouncing on his knees, to control the immense pressure.

“But my Prince, the chambers you stayed in are the largest in our castle, all the other chambers are much smaller in comparison” Lady Athena stated.

“Oh, that’s not an issue” Prince Noah crossed his legs tight, “I’ve just gotten bored of staying there for so long.”

“Oh, okay my prince! I’ll arrange a new room for you!” Lady Athena said.

The Prince thanked the gods! Finally he will have a new room and a privy in it! He’ll finally be able to pee and let out all that pressure and piss! Oh he couldn’t wait!

Lady Athena asked her servants to shift Prince’s Noah’s luggage to the new chambers before she came up to him.

“My Prince, this is the key to your new chambers and this is the key to your privy” Lady Athena told him.

“Many-many thanks my lady” Prince Noah said, “Now could you please excuse me for a moment, I have some very important business in my chambers.”

“Sure, my Prince” the lady said, “I’ll see you at lunch.”

And with that, the Prince hurriedly walked off towards his room, ready to pee inside the privy. Oh, he had waited for so long. He entered his room and closed the door faster than he had ever closed a door before and rushed towards the privy. The huge rusty lock on the privy door was the only thing standing between him and the mighty pee he needed. Oh, he couldn’t wait for a big wee!

But as he entered the big key into the lock and turned in around, it refused to budge. Noah crossed his legs tighter and tried again. Peeing was highly important now. He tried and tried again but the lock did not open. He was locked out of the privy.

Prince Noah almost erupted with anger and frustration! He was not getting a chance to pee since the last one month!! What was he supposed to do!

“Never mind” he told himself, “I can hold it...I can hold it..”

The Prince throughout the day had five hundred litres of lemon tea along with a hundred litres of orange juice for lunch, three hundred litres of milk for supper and four hundred and fifty litres of beer for dinner.

That night Prince Noah found himself in his new chambers, unable to sleep. He looked at the large lock on the privy door and cursed it from within. He thought of telling Lady Athena about the lock but then decided against it.

He was to start training, Lady Athena’s daughter Antonia from the next morning. He didn’t know how he would manage that with such a full bladder but there was no way out of it now.

So he decided upon a plan to empty his swollen bladder. After training Antonia in the morning, he would ride to the deep woods and pee there and return back to the castle.

It was a risky plan, because if someone saw him doing so, it will be a matter of great disgrace. But he had no other choice. He had to pee so badly!

The next morning, the Prince Noah woke up bursting to pee, controlling his pressure, he walked towards the training ground besides the east walls of the castle and waited for Antonia, all the while grabbing his crotch and crossing his legs but he immediately straightened when he saw the sixteen year old daughter of lady Athena coming.

“You’re late!” he said.

“I know” she said and they began training, the Prince somehow managing to move with his epic full bladder. He somehow managed to drag on the training for half an hour and then dismissed her. He was in a hurry to get to the woods to pee.

So he mounted upon his horse and galloped away, instructing her to stay back. He rode like a maniac, ready to release his swollen full bladder anywhere in the woods, but to his great dismay, he found some women in the woods who had come to pick cherries.

The Prince tried to ignore them, wanting to take a pee, but they saw him and stopped him for a long talk. The Prince’s plan failed and he had to return to the castle with a very full and unrelieved bladder.

Prince Noah had his usual two hundred litres of water that day along with a whopping six hundred litres of hot milk, four hundred and fifty litres of nettle tea and ten litres of beer at night.

The second day of the training began, with Antonia coming before the Prince to the training ground. The Prince’s swollen stomach was imminent now, and so was his pressure. His bladder was absolutely cracking by this point.

The prince looked really desperate but Antonia couldn’t make out what it was. “My Prince are you alright?”

“Y-yes, I am f-fine” he said, “let’s start with the training.”

Though dying with his need, the prince somehow managed to train the girl before returning back to the castle. His liquid consumption continued unabated as he drank hundreds of litres of fluids each day that were now stretching his bladder walls to the point of a massive explosion.

The problem that day was the extra two hundred litres of water he drank that almost exploded his bladder but he found the room to store it inside his enormous vessel. The Prince knew that he needed to find a solution to his problem or his bladder would just burst open.

The next morning, after training Antonia, the Prince quietly rode off to the local market without anyone’s knowledge and bought himself a chamber pot. He sneaked it back into the castle without the servants or Lady Athena noticing and hid it in his room.

He planned to pee in it in the night when everyone was asleep and empty it out of his window, and follow the process until his bladder was empty. He had no other choice. Peeing had become very essential and he could not delay it any further.

Dinner that night was of seventy litres of hard beer, that made its presence felt in his bladder. Though he knew, it was going to add a lot of pressure to his bladder the prince knew his agony was short-lived. He was going to go in his chambers and pee into the chamber pot and his desperation will end.

The prince walked back to his room with baby footsteps, trying not to jog his immense bladder and closed the door tight before walking straight towards the shelf where he had hidden the chamber pot. But to his horror the chamber pot was not there!

He searched and searched but could not find it! He walked out of the room and found his room servant Herminia.

“Did you see a pot kept in the shelf in my chambers?” the prince asked directly, crossing his legs.

“Y-yes my prince, I found it while dusting your chamber today” Herminia replied, “I don’t know who it belonged to, so I threw it away.”

It belonged to me, you idiot! I have to piss!

“A-alright, very well then, good night” the Prince muttered, cursing her under his breath before going back to his chambers.

The prince continued to train Antonia each day, all the while consuming massive amounts of fluids that added an incredible amount of pressure to his gigantic bladder.

But on the twelfth day of the training, the Prince did not show up. His bladder was swollen like a water bomb and it hurt really badly. He dare not move from his bed today, so he lied there. Hoping it would help abate the pressure.

He heard a slight knock on the door and immediately released the grip from his crotch, “Who is it?”

“It’s Antonia My lord” a voice came.

“Come in” he said, “There will be no training today Antonia, I feel unwell” he said as he saw her walk in and close the door behind her.

“Oh, I didn’t know my prince” she replied, “let me get the castle magister to help you out!”

“N-no that won’t be needed!” before the Prince could complete his sentence, Antonia was out of the room.

She came back with magister Luther who examined the Prince. He noticed the large bulge on Prince Noah’s abdomen but did not say anything.

“Did you have something in the morning?” he asked the Prince.

“Yes, water and tea” Noah replied.

“Did you hurt yourself somewhere?” the Magister asked.

“No” the Prince replied gloomily.

“Did you go to the toilet?”

The Prince’s cheeks flushed red in embarrassment as he looked towards Antonia who stood besides the bed.

“Y-yes, I went to the toilet” the Prince said.

“Then everything is fine” the magister said as he stood up, “Everything will be fine, he just needs some rest.”

“Thank you magister” Antonia chimed, “Take care” she said before walking out of the room with the old man.

The prince had grown way too desperate and he had to find a way out of this problem or he would lose control of his bladder muscles.

So he came up with a plan. If he could somehow get inside Lady Athena’s chambers, he could use her privy. But how could he get inside without anyone noticing. He waited for the right time.

That day too, the Prince gulped down four hundred litres of water and one fifty litres of mare’s milk until lunch. He could feel all that liquid streaming into his bladder vessel, stretching out the organ to colossal proportions. And when lady Athena was in a council meeting, the Prince went up to her chambers and tried to open the door but it was locked.

He cursed himself and went back to his chambers. He was angry and frustrated, he had piss so badly! But inside his chamber, inside his bladder, the prince decided something, that he would never let his desperation be known to others. It was his absolutely personal secret. He was a true man, and a true man never peed.

His walk had converted into a hobble and his breaths came in laboured gasps, piss wanted to erupt out of him but he fought it back and locked it inside his bladder. He was not going to pee. Not even one drop.

His bladder was breaking but he hid it. Despite all the pressure and pain, he hid it.

He went to the main hall and drank his fill of ninety litres of lemonade and four hundred and thirty litres of nettle tea upon his usual two hundred litres of water and five hundred litres of lemon tea in the morning. Peeing was not an option now. His bladder walls were stretched so much to accommodate for the overdue pee being laden with an enormous amount of liquid, his tank bladder was completely exhausted and he needed a massive pee, but there was nowhere for him to go and release his river of hot urine.

I’ll tell Lady Athena that I cannot continue with the training. I absolutely have no space left inside my bladder. It is rock hard, so full of pee! I need to go home to use the privy. I cannot stay here. Prince Noah told himself.

That night after the dinner, the Prince somehow managed to walk to Lady Athena’s chambers and knocked at the door as he tightly crossed his legs.

“Come in” he heard her voice.

He found her sitting at her desk, writing on a parchment. “My Prince, to what do I have the honour of your visit?” she asked, surprised the Prince had visited her at this hour of the night.

“M-my lady I am afraid I cannot continue with Antonia’s training, there is some urgent work in the capital that I need to take care of and it won’t be possible for me to stay back any longer” the Prince bobbed up and down on his crossed knees.

“Oh, my prince” Lady Athena sighed, “May I know what causes your urgent return to the capital?”

The Prince thought of telling her about the urgent waterfall that he wanted to release in his private privy, but didn’t.

“A-ah, a Prince has many duties my lady and one of it is taking care of his kingdom” Prince Noah said, “... and I cannot do the same if I stay here. I am afraid I’ll have to leave tomorrow morning.”

“Oh, couldn’t you stay back a little longer my Prince?” she asked.

“Oh, my lady I have a lot of pressure,” the prince sighed, “You do not understand my situation. I must leave on the morrow or it will be too late..”

“But what of Antonia’s training? She’ll never find a better teacher than you..” Athena said.

“Oh, my lady” Prince tightly crossed his legs as a wave of pressure overtook his bladder, “I’m sure she’ll find a better teacher than me..”

“But I want you to teach her...” she insisted.

“My lady, if that is what you want, then I promise you to return in five days and resume Lady Antonia’s training, but for now I must go to the capital.”

“Very well, my prince” she said, “As you say.”

“I’ll begin my journey tomorrow in the morning” he said “Good night, my lady.”

“Good night, my Prince” she bowed her head and saw him leave.

The next day in the morning, when the Prince was almost ready to leave for the capital, a letter reached Lady Athena. It was from the Queen Mother Catelyn, addressed to her son, Prince Noah.

“My dear, child. I hope you are doing fine. Everything is in order here in the capital. Lord Tumlus has taken charge as the council head and is now the hand of the Queen. You can extend your stay as long as you want to. There is no need to hurry back. I love you.”

The letter had the Queen’s seal. Prince Noah’s eyes went wide in horror as he read the letter handed to him by Lady Athena, “Now you can stay back and train Antonia!” she chimed.

The Prince wanted to cry. He needed to pee so much and he was absolutely not getting a chance to do so. He felt a hot leak escape into his small clothes, he was defeated.

Lady Athena asked her servants to take Prince Noah’s luggage back to his chambers, “My prince, please feel free to ask me if you need anything.”

I need a toilet! He cried internally. But didn’t let it show. Prince Noah rushed back to his chambers and tried to open the lock on his privy door, but unfortunately it did not budge. He was stuck, bursting to pee and nowhere to go.

He leaned over the table and tried to control all the pee in his bladder. “I don’t need to pee, I don’t need to pee...” The prince gave strength to himself and told himself that he had to act normal under all costs.

He continued with his regular liquid intake of water, lemon tea, nettle tea, beer, milk, cider, mead, barley tea to name a few. All getting pumped inside his bladder.

The Prince managed to train Antonia that day, but he could not teach her at his best as he couldn’t think of anything else other than peeing.

Antonia though was unsatisfied with the teaching methods of her teacher, the Prince. She thought he was not teaching her properly. So to teach him a lesson, she came up with a plan.

The next morning before the Prince came down to drink his share of water and lemon tea, Antonia mixed a heavy diuretic in his tea.

The Prince drank it all down and trained Antonia, despite the diuretic working full force and pumping his bladder with a mega ton amount of pee, Prince Noah paid it no mind.

Antonia was amazed at how strongly the Prince held back. Her plan had failed but tomorrow she decided to come back stronger.

The next morning when the Prince woke up, his bladder felt like it was about to rip open but he controlled himself and came out to train Antonia, even though he had to keeps his thighs pressed all the time.

Before he woke up, Antonia had again mixed a large amount of diuretic to his water and lemon tea, but not only that. She had added an extra hundred litres to his tea only so she could speed up the process. But to her great dismay, the Prince showed no signs of desperation during the training. Maybe the diuretics were a waste.

But little did she know that the pressure inside his bladder was increasing almost by the second. The diuretics had worked extremely well, but were beaten against the copious bladder capacity of the Prince.

Soon the pressure inside his bladder became so great that he had to end the training and go back to his chambers to control himself.

But then he heard a shriek from the courtyard. He jumped and looked out of the window to see a creature taking Antonia towards the forest.

The Prince hurriedly took his sword and rushed to Antonia’s aid, climbing upon his horse and riding after the monster.

The chase continued for hours, each moment feeling like his bladder would burst, but the Prince rode on.

Finally after a long and desperate chase, the monster stopped and put Antonia down. It was then that the Prince saw the creature clearly. It was a lion, with a goat’s head arising from its back and a snake for its tail.

“A chimera!” he sighed, placing a hand on his swollen and fatigued bladder.

“My Prince, please save me!” the poor girl cried out.

The Prince engaged the beast in a brutal and deadly battle, a battle that almost burst his bladder, but he held his waters back and fought bravely. The Prince finally managed to kill the monster and escape with Antonia, but by now his bladder was aching so badly that, he just wanted to start peeing anywhere. But at last that was against his pride.

He thought of asking Antonia for help, tell her that he wanted to pee very badly, but knew that he couldn’t. As they rode back to the castle, the only thing the Prince was worried about was to know when and where he was going to pee. His bladder had reached its limit.

A feast happened that night and Lady Athena and Lady Olympia thanked the Prince for rescuing Antonia.

The prince didn’t know how long he’d have to stay back to train Antonia, but he knew that he piss won’t stay in his bladder forever. So he planned to relieve himself of his aching pee tomorrow, once and for all.

He went to his bed full of liquids, nursing an aching bladder between his thighs. Oh, he couldn’t wait for the morrow.

The next morning, after he somehow trained Antonia, Prince Noah made his way to the woods. This time he was going to a place where no one could find him. This time, he will finally get to pee. He couldn’t wait to release his waters and all his pressure. Finally the day had come of his big release.

The Prince rode on for hours and finally reached the dragon’s cave from where he had rescued Lady Athena. Finally his relief was in sight. He stepped down from his horse and looked around to make sure no one had followed him, and then hurriedly entered the cage grabbing his crotch, undoing the string of his breeches as he walked. Oh, he couldn’t wait to pee! This was going to be the biggest and most important piss of his life.

When he was in the dark, he finally pulled out his swollen, aching cock and held it in his hand and then slowly released his muscles. What came out was not a drop or a jet of urine, but an eruption of flood that arched over ten feet! His eyes closed in relief....

“What are you doing, my Prince?” he heard a voice and with a trembling cock, he immediately stopped his pee and stuffed his cock back in before hastily tying the strings of his breeches and turning around.

He saw Antonia walking towards him, as he tried to control his body trembling out of fear, “Were you taking a piss?” she giggled.

“N-no, not at all, I was..I ...” the Prince mumbled, “W-what are you doing here?”

“Oh, I followed you to see, where you are going” Antonia chuckled, “I wanted to know of your secret hideout!” she winked.

“Oh” Prince Noah, crossed his legs tightly as he pursed his lips and tried to suck his pee back into his iron bladder. His level of anger and frustration knew no bounds. Why the hell did she have to show up when he was going out of his mind to take a massive piss?

“We must ride back now, don’t know what kind of beasts dwell in these woods” Antonia said.

Prince Noah had only had a mere second of relief, and now he had to ride back to the castle with a gargantuan bladder that was stretched with his hot piss.

A long hot leak of piss escaped into the Prince’s small clothes as he tried to walk, but he controlled himself by crossing his legs and holding his breath.

“Are you alright my Prince?” Antonia asked.

“Y-y-yes.. I’m alright..” he forced a painful smile.

And they rode off to Thesox.

The Prince drank so much liquid that day, two hundred litres of water, five hundred litres of lemon tea, milk and barley tea just to name a few.

Inside his chambers, Prince Noah decided to act normal no matter how badly he needed to pee. He knew his bladder was an organ that could stretch as much as he wanted it to and there was absolutely nothing to worry about.

The pressure inside his bladder was driving him crazy. Pissing was so important, he wanted to do just that, but he had nowhere to go.

“Control.. control... control it...” he breathed as closed his eyes and placed his hand on his crotch, withering in pressure and agony.

From that point on, Prince Noah tried to forget about everything, his filling bladder, his aching needs and tried give in his full strength to training Antonia.

He kept his bladder on a lock down and totally ignored what was going inside. But the cumulative pressure of all the liquids was unbearable and he just prayed he would get the chance to release it before it was too late.

The more Prince Noah tried to push the thoughts of peeing and emptying his bladder away from his mind, the more he found himself thinking of peeing.

No matter how hard he tried, he was losing the battle against his bladder and he knew it. But little did the Prince know that his problems were only beginning.

The next day, after consuming his regular two hundred litres of water and five hundred litres of lemon tea, Prince Noah went to his chambers and made himself busy with work. The less he thought about his need, the better it would be.

For lunch, the Prince had a bladder busting five hundred litres of coconut water. Prince Noah’s bladder aches increased ten times after the consumption of such a huge amount of liquid, but he kept his storage tank shut and endured the pain.

That night, after the consumption of a mighty amount of liquids, Prince Noah found it extremely hard to sleep. His piss was boiling inside him, threatening to blow his bladder apart, but he endured the pain and withheld the pressure.

The following morning, after the Prince was done with the day’s training, Lady Athena informed him of the grand feast that was to be held that night, “My Prince, all the lords and ladies of the Kingdom will be here..” she reported.

The Prince gave a weak smile in agreement and made way to his chambers. The Prince’s daily consumption of liquids had went up to unprecedented levels, and his bladder ache had become a part of his body. So stretched, so full, it hurt so badly. He held his overloaded bladder and sat on a chair as all the painful liquid streamed inside his painful organ.

The feast at night was a grand affair. All the high lords and ladies were in attendance as told by Lady Athena, but it was a curse for the Prince who had to greet all the guests with a bursting full bladder, none of whom knew how much he was aching for a big-big pee!

The night started with drinks and food. The guests had their fill and enjoyed with songs and dance but the Prince sat quietly at the corner, nursing his water tank. It was then that he overheard a conversation between a highborn lady who asked Lady Athena, “Could you show me to the common privy room? I’ve had so much wine..”

That’s when the Prince realised that he had a chance to empty his bladder. He could use the common privy now that it was unlocked for the guests! But he decided not to go immediately as it would have made him look desperate. But, oh each minute was killing him! He had a river to unload in the privy. After waiting for a few minutes, he made his way to common privy upstairs, somehow controlling his mammoth pressure.

He walked as fast as he could, just a few steps away from the colossal relief he needed, he pushed the privy door but it was closed. Someone was in there. The Prince had already drunk a pressurizing sixty litres of beer during the feast and it was brewing straight into his bladder. Peeing was necessary now.

He somehow waited, crossing his legs and grabbing his crotch, but even after ten minutes, the person had not come out. The Prince begrudgingly decided to go back to the grand hall, or else he feared his absence would be noted.

He walked and smiled at the guests, he had not peed in over a month!! No one could even imagine what a huge pressure he was battling. How much he wanted to piss!

He sat with crossed legs, trying to make small talk with the guests, all the while pressing down on his urge to urinate. But his bladder was ripping apart with pressure, there was hardly anything else could think about, so decided to visit the privy again.

Unfortunately for him, this time too, the privy was occupied. He cried from within, and danced crossed legged, trying to battle the pressure, glad there was no one around to see him like this. After waiting for long, gingerly he walked back to the grand hall and waited for the privy to be unoccupied.

Oh, that wait was torturous. Not pissing was so brutal. After drinking another one hundred and forty litres of beer on the insistence of several guests, the Prince again made a trip to the privy, determined to relieve himself, no matter how long he’d have to wait.

Oh, he somehow walked to the privy and though it was occupied still, the prince waited. After waiting for an excruciating ten minutes, the woman inside stepped out and finally, privy was free to use. They both greeted each other with a smile and a nod, fake semblance of respect in this minute of absolute need of a pressurizing piss. A warm jet of piss shot out into the prince’s smallclothes but he resisted the urge. He was finally going to pee. He hurriedly entered the privy and closed the door! Finally, he was going to take a big pee!

He desperately fought with his strings as he rushed towards the commode, all the while keeping his cock pressed between his thighs and in a flashing moment, he took out his cock, ready to urinate. But just when the first drop formed on the tip of cock, he heard a knock on the door, “Is someone in there?!” came a woman’s voice, “Could you please come out!? I’d like three cups of wine and I’m busting to go!!”

“Y-yeah, I’m done!” the Prince almost kicked himself. A true man always let a woman go first. So, without taking the pee he needed so much, Prince Noah stuffed his cock back into his smallclothes and tied the tight string around his bursting bladder and came out of the privy.

The woman rushed past him and locked the door as poor Noah waited outside. Prince Noah’s failing bladder wanted him to start peeing right where he was, but he wouldn’t do that.

Just as he waited for the lady to step out of the privy, he saw Lady Antonia walking towards him, “My Prince, I’d been looking for you everywhere! Where have you been?” she asked.

“Oh, I- I ....” the prince stuttered, trying to think of an excuse but nothing came to his mind.

“My lady mother wants to introduce you to this spice merchant from across the sea...” she began as she put his hand around his and took him away. The prince longingly looked at the privy door as they walked off to the opposite direction, I need to go to the toilet...he groaned within in pain.

The whole night, our poor Prince tried to take some time out to use the privy but the guests kept him occupied.

When one of the guests asked how he was doing, the only response the Prince could think of was, Busting to go to the toilet...but he dare not say that. No one could ever know that their Prince had to pee like a wholly mammoth!

When finally, all the guests had settled down or were starting leave, the Prince made dash for the privy, wanting to pee very urgently. With crossed legs, many halts on the way and several crotch grabs, the prince made it to the privy, but to his great dismay and frustration, the privy door had a lock hanging from it now. He desperately tugged at it but to no avail. The poor Prince’s bladder went unrelieved for another day.

That night, Prince Noah decided to tell Antonia about his problem. He hoped she would understand and provide him a privy or at least ask someone to unlock the privy in his room, anything was fine as long as he got to pee with dignity. But he was so desperate, he could barely wait for the morning.

The next morning, after the prince had painfully drunk his water and lemon tea, he made his way to the courtyard, “Oh Antonia... I have to pee...” he sighed with pressure as he walked, determined to tell the girl about his bursting condition.

But when Antonia finally came for her training, the Prince felt immense shame and embarrassment to even think of telling about his problem to her. So with extreme pain and pressure, he held his aching urine within and trained her. The Prince knew he could never tell about his problem to anyone, he would have to look for a solution on his own and fast, or else, his pee would pour out.

For the next fourteen days, Prince Noah tried to think of something that would solve his bursting problem and relieve him of his dire need to pee, but unfortunately, nothing came to his mind.

But then, he came up with a plan that could probably solve his problem. It was immensely risky but he had no other choice. He had to piss at any cost.

That night, when Lady Athena was with magister Luther in the great hall, discussing about the harvest of the crops this winter, Prince Noah tried the door of her chambers and to his immense luck, the door opened!

Without wasting even a second, the prince rushed to use the privy but much to his frustration, the privy was locked. He grabbed his crotch in pain, pressure and frustration, almost about to cry but he controlled himself.

He needed to look for the privy key and fast! He searched her cupboard and table but the privy key was nowhere to be found. Finally, the Prince found the key under her pillow! Finally! His pee was dribbling out with excitement and the anticipation of relief. He quickly opened the lock to Lady Athena’s privy and jumped in, not even bothering to close the door.

He quickly undid the string of his breeches and took out his cock. He was finally standing in front of the privy, ready to urinate with full force. But just when he was about to start a sound came. There was someone at the door! Poor Prince Noah rushed out of the privy as fast as his swollen bladder allowed him and hid behind the curtains.

Lady Athena entered the chambers, tried after a long day, “Oh, who opened the door to my privy?” she asked, looking puzzled. Nevertheless, she used the privy, changed her clothes and light a candle at her study to read a book.

The Prince desperately tried not to move as any movement would reveal him to Lady Athena, but standing still with such a heavily filled bladder was proving to be impossible. Yet the prince endured. He desperately waited for Athena to go to sleep but the lady took her sweet time in reading the book.

Late past midnight, when she finished the book lady Athena locked the door to her chambers from within, much to Prince Noah’s horror. The Prince’s plan to escape when she slept was now ruined. So he simply stood behind the curtain, holding on to his piss filled mammoth water tank bladder, as his legs trembled with the pressure in this cock. He was totally stuck.

The pressure grew so much because of the cold that the Prince’s bladder almost threatened to burst then and there. He tried his best to withhold the pressure and stop his piss from coming out. It came to the point where he had draw his cock out and squeeze it to contain the urine in his bladder but then suddenly a thick accidently gusher of pee escaped his cock and flew all across the room, splattering on the ground with a loud noise just before the prince cut off his hot flow!

“Who is there?!” Lady Athena woke up startled and looked around but she saw no one. Maybe it was just in her mind and she was imagining things as she was in half asleep. She then laid her head down and went back to sleep.

The Prince’s legs trembled violently in pressure. He was bursting for a huge piss! He fought as hard as he could but after a few minutes, another huge gusher escaped his exhausted long cock and travelled all across the room before splattering on the carpeted floor with a loud sound.

Lady Athena sat up on her bed, she looked around but saw no one. “Is someone there?” she asked, before she stood up from her bed and opened the door with her key to call the guards.

Seeing the moment, Prince Noah escaped from the room, without being seen by anyone.

The Prince’s peeing pressure was increasing day by day, dying to pee the Prince had tried everything to empty his swollen bladder but relief still evaded him.

On the twenty seventh day of the training, Prince Noah decided to discontinue training Antonia as it had become impossible for him to train her with a swollen full bladder. Peeing was now more important to him than training her and he wanted to rush back to the capital to pee the flood he had been holding back for so long. His drink intake was too much and he absolutely needed to release it as soon as possible.

When he broke the news to Antonia that he’d be discontinuing the training, the girl was visibly upset. Prince Noah continued with his day as usual, drinking water and tea and other liquids and resisting his massive urge to urinate. He was ready to leave the next day and end his agony once and for all.

But by the time evening drew in, the Prince knew something was seriously wrong. The pressure had increased manifolds and he was finding it difficult to even stand straight.

He tried to think of other things to take his mind of his bursting need, but it was not helping. He then suddenly felt a big leak of piss jet out of his tired cock and dampen his small clothes. He tried to control his bladder by crossing his legs and grabbing his crotch but more and more leaks came. It was clear that the Prince was losing control of his bladder.

He then hurried towards Antonia’s chambers to ask her if could use her privy, there was no point hiding it from her anymore, he was going to have an accident.

I need to go to the toilet. He gasped in pain, agony, pressure and frustration as he hurriedly walked towards his student’s room only to find it locked. Antonia was not there. He crossed his legs and bounced on his knee. The leaks were coming one after the other, his bladder and cock exhausted to their limits.

Noah in one last ditch effort, rushed to Lady Athena for help. She was in the solar reading a book when the Prince suddenly burst in, “My lady, I really-really need to use your privy, I need to pee so badly, I cannot hold it anymore,” he grabbed his crotch and pressed his dick tightly between his thighs in the hopes of stopping the flow, “Please hurry... let me use your privy, I’m busting! Please...!” he gasped, fighting the pee till the tip of his cock, trying to stop it till the last inch but then it happened.

Urine poured out in his breeches like a flood of hot water. Prince Noah was having an accident. His pants were soaked in minutes and his shoes were drenched, the Prince tried to stop the flow but failed. His muscles were worn out. The Prince who had defeated a ferocious dragon and a dangerous Chimera had lost to his toilet needs. It was so humiliating.

The foamy, hot pee was getting collected in a huge puddle on the floor and the Prince could feel every litre of embarrassment flowing out of him.

Oh, how desperate he had been! It felt so amazing to relax his bursting bladder, it was stretched to its limits. And though it felt really great to release his flood after such a long and agonizing hold, he didn’t want to do it in front of Lady Athena.

“I needed to go so badly” the prince sighed in relief as his hot pee flowed out of him uncontrollably. Though she didn’t react outwardly, Lady Athena was shocked at the amount that was coming out of the Prince.

The Prince’s relief was imminent on his face. The joy of a deflated bladder. He had finally taken the most important piss of his life.

By the end, the puddle of pee on his foot was so big that Lady Athena could not believe her eyes. It was full of foam and steam rose from it. It was very hot.

“I am extremely sorry, my lady I couldn’t hold it back any more, I had been holding it for days..” the Prince said in embarrassment.

“It’s alright, my Prince. You should have told me before if you needed to go so badly” she replied, “ Go and change now, I’ll take care of this mess.”

“Please don’t tell about this to anyone...” he pleaded and Lady Athena nodded in agreement.

But as soon as the Prince left, Athena rushed to call her daughter Antonia who was in the gardens.

“The Prince just had a massive accident in the solar, you won’t believe how much he was holding...” she told her daughter as they both hurried to see the puddle.

Antonia couldn’t believe at the sheer size of it. That was when she realized what had happened.

The Prince left for the capital that night, never to come back again.
