Omovember 2020: Day 7

Author: PPP

*000*2020-11-08 04:59

Yep, I'm going back to Breath of the Wild. What can I say, it's good source material.

###

Day 7: Need to go while on a walk Zelda (Breath of the Wild)

###

It was the simple things in life that one missed the most, Princess Zelda reflected. Now that she and Link had banished the great evil known as Calamity Ganon, there was time to indulge in those things. Things like a pleasant walk in Finra Woods, for example.

Zelda smiled as the sun warmed her back and leaves crunched under her feet.

“Isn’t this lovely?” she said. Beside her, Link simply nodded in agreement. He was a man of few words, but Zelda could tell by his expression that he was enjoying their stroll as well.

Oh, this is nice, Zelda thought. To be able to take a walk without having to worry about being attacked by monsters. Nothing could ruin this. Well, except for rain, I suppose. Zelda grimaced as she felt a twinge in her bladder. Or that.

Not wanting to interrupt anything, Zelda tried to hold it in for a while. However, as much as she tried to deny it, she could feel the urge to relieve herself getting stronger and stronger. It became clear to her that she would have to do her business in the woods. While she had been out in the wilderness before, she had never been forced to resort to it. How hard could it be though? The real problem was getting rid of Link. Zelda was sure he was chivalrous enough to give her privacy, but she didn’t want to embarrass them both by bringing up her need. What to do?

Luckily for Zelda, a solution soon presented itself. She spotted a bright yellow flower in the middle of the path and leaned down to touch it, only for it to vanish in a puff of smoke.

“There must be a Korok hiding nearby!” Zelda realized. “Link, do you want to try and track it down?” Link nodded. He had always had a fondness for these forest spirits and the seeds they possessed that she never quite understood. Zelda sighed in relief when Link took off after the Korok.

With that out of the way, Zelda was free to tend to her bladder. Moving behind a large tree for some extra cover, she lowered herself into a squatting position and pulled down her pants and underwear. The pants were simple and practical, but she still wore panties made of fine cloth befitting royalty. It would be a crime to get them wet. Zelda closed her eyes and relaxed, and a gentle pee stream began to flow from her. Her delicate tinkle barely made a sound as it splashed the forest leaves.

Ah, that’s better, Zelda thought with some satisfaction. It almost feels… peaceful, relieving myself out here.

Zelda finished peeing, wiped herself off with a nearby leaf, and readjusted her clothes. Barely a moment later, Link reappeared with a triumphant look on his face.

“Did you find the Korok?” Zelda asked. Link nodded and held up a golden Korok seed as proof. “Well done,” said Zelda. “Now, shall we continue?” Link smiled and nodded again. It was only as they were walking away that Zelda realized the puddle she had made was easily visible.

Did Link see it? she thought, blushing. She tried to read her companion’s expression, but he gave no indication one way or the other.

Oh well, Zelda rationalized, it isn’t the end of the world if he did. After all, everyone needs to relieve themselves. Despite herself, another thought popped into her head. I wonder if Link ever had to deal with needing to go while adventuring?

If only she knew about that one time in Gerudo City…

###

I'll let you in on a secret: this won't be my last trip to Hyrule.

