Moving on

Author: poodle21

*000*2024-12-28 01:28

The argument had started suddenly. That's the way it always was with them - no tight-lipped tolerance for hours, no snarky comments for days beforehand, just something that set Graham off and then the shouting started. Of course it was usually Lillian's fault. Even if they were late getting somewhere because of heavy traffic, Lillian was always made to feel she was in some way culpable.

Today she did feel slightly responsible although she blamed him for the situation in the first place. Lillian was just getting out of the car outside the house, hoping there was nothing for Graham to notice. She badly needed to pee and had leaked a little at the last roundabout as the car slewed round the island faster than she was expecting. As she got herself up off the car seat, Graham was still twisted round pulling his backpack from the back seat, and so hopefully not paying attention to any evidence Lillian might have left behind.

She had her doorkey out already so with a well-practised drill, she had the door open, and was inside with no on-the-doorstep fumbling around that might have her leaking again. With Graham still several steps behind, she thrust a hand up against her crotch while she quickly pushed off her trainers without bothering to undo the laces, and teetered into the downstairs toilet in the hallway. She heard the front door closing, then Graham tutting loudly, no doubt at her not unlacing her trainers and placing them neatly by the wall. She sat on the toilet and peed loudly. The gusset of her pale yellow knickers was dark and wet across the whole width, and she was examining the back of her grey leggings to see how much had seeped into them, when Graham flung the door open, walked in, and immediately caught sight of the strip of dark yellow cotton stetched between Lillian's knees.

"God, not again. I thought as much! For fuck's sake, you're like a child! Can we not have a walk somewhere without you pissing yourself every time?"

Lillian wiped herself, stood up and pulled up her clothes. She ignored the cold wetness against her skin and felt instead the heat of anger rising in her face.

"I didn't piss myself this time, I just leaked a tiny bit! Why are you like this? If you weren't driving like a maniac I wouldn't have to! And why do we always go walking in the middle of fucking nowhere with no toilets for miles and you won't even let me do it behind a bush or anything?"

Lillian flushed the toilet and rinsed her hands at the sink. She glared at Graham in the mirror. Graham pointed his finger at her back, shouting,

"Oh no, you're not blaming me for you not controlling yourself! It's unbelievable, and disgusting. I mean, you should be ashamed. A grown adult!"

Graham wasn't finished, and before Lillian could get a word in, slapped his hand onto the countertop.

"From now on, when we go out anywhere, and I mean anywhere, you're wearing a diaper. If you behave like a child then you deserve to be fucking treated like one!"

Lillian stamped upstairs to take a shower and pointedly slammed the bathroom door behind her. When she came downstairs, washed and in clean clothes, Graham seemed to have calmed down, and as usual, Lillian put her indignation aside in order to keep the peace.

The following Sunday morning, Graham proposed another country walk. A different place from the previous week, along one of the canals in the area. Despite the row the previous weekend, Lillian quite liked being outdoors and didn't really have a problem with the plan. After they had eaten a quick lunch, she was in their bedroom upstairs getting ready, in the process of pulling a fleece over her head when something landed with a thud near her feet. Lillian pulled the fleece down over her body. Graham was at the door and a white package was on the floor.

"By the way, I meant what I said last weekend. These are for you. Get yourself sorted and we'll leave in ten minutes."

He paused and turned back to Lillian.

"Wear them until you can show me that you don't need them. Then we'll review it. But I'm warning you, don't disobey me on this or there will be trouble!"

Lillian picked up the package, tightly wrapped in plastic, not yet sure what Graham was on about, Puzzlement turned to indignation as she turned over the package and scanned the symbols on it. A big 'M' and what looked like a row of water drops with most of them filled in.

She ripped open the pack and pulled out one of the tightly packed diapers. Part of her was curious about what this would feel like to wear, but mainly she just didn't want another battle ruining the day, She sighed, took off her leggings and knickers, carefully taped on the diaper, and put her leggings on again over it. It wasn't bulky like she expected these things to be. The top threatened to stick out above the waistband of her leggings but she folded it down and pulled the fleece top over it. Downstairs, Graham squeezed her bum to check that she was really wearing it, and gave a grunt of satisfaction.

The walk was pleasant, breezy in the flat landscape, but not too cold, and Graham and Lillian passed a good two hours on the tow path of the canal before arriving back at the car park. For once there was a public toilet there, although Lillian didn't want to go badly enough to tolerate the smell that she knew those places tended to have. She could wait, so they set off home.

Graham said, "Look, I'll drop you off at the house then I want to go and fill up with petrol so I can get an early start in the morning."

Graham was going to a work conference and would be away all the following week. Lillian's sister Michaela was coming to stay for a couple of days and Lillian had taken some time off work to spend with her.

In the house Lillian decided to shower off the sweat from the walk, and got undressed in the bedroom. She took everything off except the diaper and wondered how much it would actually hold, if she ever had to rely on it for real.

In the bathroom now, standing in front of the mirror, she forced herself to relax and started to pee. She felt it running out of her but it was strange peeing standing up and feeling no wetness, like it just disappeared. After she had finished, she ran her hands over this thick warm padding around her, feeling for leaks. It was heavy, and she hitched it up, enjoying the fat bulk of it pressing up between her legs. Then, remembering that Graham woud be back soon, she ripped the tapes off the diaper and placed it on the tiled floor temporarily while she showered.

Lillian turned the water off and turned to open the shower door, momentarily startled to see Graham's dark shape through the frosted glass. She pushed open the door and reached for her towel. Graham was holding the rolled up diaper and glaring at her.

"Well, it looks like I was right as usual and you couldn't even go for the time we were out without losing control of yourself. You'd better get used to wearing these from now on," he said, holding the diaper up in front of Lillian's face.

"But I didn't," Lillian protested, "I was just...!" But Graham had already gone downstairs in disgust. She tried to explain again later that evening, but he wouldn't accept any version of events other than his own, loudly insisting that Lillian had been unable to wait to use a toilet at some point during the afternoon, even though there was one in the car park. Liliian would therefore not leave the house in his company without a diaper until she could learn to behave like an adult. Furthermore, Graham said, he strongly recommended her to wear a diaper all the time because he couldn't trust her at all now and didn't want her wetting the bed at night.

Lillian felt tears welling up in frustration but it was like arguing with a statue. Anyway Graham would be gone for a week and she could try to forget about it at least until he got back. She slept with a diaper on that night but took it off after he left in the morning.

Michaela arrived on Monday afternoon, having driven down from the home she shared with her husband Rob and their two-year-old, Toby. Toby was staying with Michaela and Lillian's parents for the week, so Michaela had some time to herself. On Tuesday, since it was warm, they had a day out at the coast, catching up on their news on the drive there, over a leisurely coffee and sandwich in a cafe, and then while strolling bare foot over the vast flat beach in the sunshine, shoes dangling from their fingers. Michaela asked how it was going between Lillian and Graham.

"So are you two going to tie the knot some day? I mean, you've been living together for a few months now so i assume you're kind of settled, no?"

"Oh, I don't know, Mik. i mean i used to think that but lately i just feel put down all the time. Graham can be a bit too controlling if you know what I mean."

"Hmmm, doesn't sound like a path to wedded bliss then."

"He never listens to me, just wants quiet obediance. Part of me is fine with that, having a quiet life and he can make the decisions, but sometimes i wonder what if we had kids some day and he's like that with them. And he hates mess and noise."

"Yeah, I can see that not working out too well."

A few minutes later, Lillian said "Wow look how far we've come. How much further do you want to walk?"

"Let's go to those big rocks up there and then we can turn back if you like. Why, are your feet hurting or something?"

"No, but I need a wee. That coffee's gone right through me."

"There were toilets back at the carpark, but it doesn't look like there's anything up here. Can you hold on til we get back? I need to go too actually."

"Ummmm, i think so. Let's just go up to the rocks then, and head back."

At the rocks, Michaela climbed onto one of them, gaining a vantage point to look out to sea. Lillian watched her from below, the sea breeze blowing Michaela's dark hair across her face and summer dress against her legs. Lillian fidgeted, trying to distract herself from her discomfort.

Michaela looked down at Lillian "Are you coming up? You can see so far out from here! Are you ok down there? You really do need a wee by the looks of it. You should have said and we'd have turned back sooner."

Michaela clambered down from the rock and looked at Lillian, who was anxious to be moving and not standing around. She said, "Look, it's miles back to the carpark, just do it here."

Lillian look at her incredulously. "Here? What, pull my knickers down and squat in the sand where everyone can see?"

"Not at all, just stand here and do it as you are. Anyway, who's going to see? Everyone else is miles away, and no one will know or care, apart from the two of us."

"I can hardly do it in my knickers! I'm twenty-five years old, Mik, in case you've forgotten!"

"Up to you of course, but you can either secretly wet yourself here and your shorts will probably be dry by the time we get back to the car, or you struggle and try to hold on for another hour at least. Your knickers will be wet obviously but no-one sees that and it's not that long until you can get home and change," explained Michaela patiently.

Lillian didn't fancy trying to hold on for another hour, and didn't know if she could even manage to do that, but still looked unsure. However what Michaela did next both shocked and persuaded her. Michaela glanced about her, spread her feet apart and hiked up the hem of her dress. "Let it go," she sang, then giggled as Lillian watched the stream running out from Michaela's underwear and spattering onto the sand.

A line crept up the white triangle front of her knickers, turning them semi-transparent and revealing the darkness of hair behind. Emboldened, Lillian relaxed her own hold and felt the familiar dampness appear in her crotch as she leaked out a spurt and instinctively clenched, but she couldn't have held back then even if she wanted to.

Unlike the diaper experience, warm wetness welled up and a second later hot rivers of relief were streaming down her legs and over her toes. Her nylon sports shorts clung to her thighs and a feeling of warm wetness gradually crept up between her buttocks, strangely pleasurable to Lillian. When she had let it all out she looked down at the patch of wet sand at her feet and gingerly pulled the soaking wet cuffs of her shorts away from her skin as a couple of droplets rolled down her left thigh. She look up at Michaela and grinned sheepishly.

"See, bet that feels better now, doesn't it?" said Michaela.

"Haha, yeah," giggled Lillian. "I'm soaking wet now, and it feels so naughty!"

"Oh yes," laughed Mikaela, "we're always told you should never wet yourself, and then you grow up and you need to do it sometimes and it's all fine if you're sort of discreet about it. I mean I had some close calls when I was pregnant, and after I had Toby, I peed myself in the park a couple of times before I got these incontinence things to wear until I recovered. Then sometimes I'd get home with Toby and have to change both of us! Now I only do it if I need to, of course, or have to teach my little sister a life-lesson!"

On the way back, Lillian told her all about the rows with Graham and, the forced diaper wearing. Michaela was aghast about Graham's behaviour.

"Do you think he's actually, like, turned on by you wearing diapers?"

"Oh God I don't think so! Graham's as straight-laced in bed as you can possibly imagine. No, he's just being a dick."

"Toxic, sounds like. Lillian, maybe you should think about, you know, moving on. Get your own place, maybe meet someone else?"

"But Graham was right about something at least....." continued Michaela, biting her lower lip to stifle a giggle

"Right about what?," Lillian asked, surprised that Michaela would take Graham's side on anything.

"Well, let's face it, if you'd done what you were told and worn a diaper today you wouldn't have wet your knickers!"

A couple with a large dog looked over as they both burst out laughing.

3 months later

###

Lillian closed the blinds in the bedroom of her new flat and went into the bathroom. She'd been out most of the day, hiking in a nearby forested area, and had had a great time by herself, despite the weather. Fortunately the tree cover had shielded her from the worst of the rain, and as she now took her damp fleece and leggings off, what she wore underneath was still mostly dry. Of course there was one exception to that - and those were most definitely wet...

