Ride Home with Rebecca

Author: PuddleofmyPee

*000*2021-10-06 18:31

I originally wrote this story for the Lads Pissing forum, but now I want to share it here as well. I'm pretty proud of it.

—

This is a story about a time, as an adult, that I was really desperate while out with another person. I still think about this situation, from time to time, all these years later.

One of the reasons I think about it so often is that it was a real life experience that seemed to follow all those classic pee fetish tropes you read about in stories. Things like drinking, social anxiety norms that cause delays as well as real life events that cause delays. Even though I was aware of such tropes, and thus the potential situation I could put myself in, I still ended up getting unintentionally desperate. Looking back I can see how easy it is for things like this to happen to any of us.

I also think about it as the girl I was with at the time was attractive and nowadays I like to read stories of desperate men losing it when they are in the control of another woman (or Fate).

I often fantasize about things playing out rather differently, and that is what I’m going to write about today. This is the Hollywood biopic version of my desperation memory. “Based on true events” but more exciting (for me) to think about and read.

—

I used to work for a call centre, which is where I met Rebecca. Time has added a fog to her features now, but the thing that I will always remember is that she had a gorgeous smile. Like a “she only sees you, heart skipping a beat” sort of smile. Equal parts disarming, kind, intimate and sexy. I have never since met it’s equal. Naturally I had a crush on her.

For Christmas one year, our company threw a casual holiday party. Rather than dressing up and being assigned seats at some dinner function, this party took place in the upstairs area of a downtown pub/bar. The company had rented the entire upper floor for just us, which was awesome. Well awesome save the horrible bathrooms. You see the upstairs bathrooms were more of an afterthought, as downstairs was where the main toilets were. I think they were once a single use, unisex type washroom that was converted into a multi-use public one. There was one sink, one stall and crammed between the two a urinal. As someone who is pee shy this setup was all but guaranteed to keep your urine hiding away in your bladder.

Earlier in the night I had discovered these waking nightmares and had been lucky enough to get the stall. Even so I had some trouble getting going so when I was finished I vowed not to use them again. I honestly don’t know why I didn’t consider using the downstairs bathroom. Maybe there was a valid reason or maybe I had just mentally sectioned that whole area off as “theirs” while the upstairs was “ours”.

I decided I would just watch how quickly I drank and leave before getting too desperate. I planned to walk home that night so figured I could just time things so I got home okay or if things became too dicey I could always find a safe place to “whip it out”.

I sat with a group of people that included Rebecca and had a good time. As it happened she was getting ready to head out around the same time I thought I should leave and she offered me a ride home (she hadn’t been drinking that night). I hesitated only slightly. It was winter and a ride home could be nice. I was feeling fullish and wondered if it would be any faster to go with her rather than make my own way home, but then Rebecca flashed that smile of hers and I was lost. Of course I graciously accepted and we said our goodbyes.

On the way out, in the lobby area at the base of the stairs, we ran into some other friends from work. We ended up getting caught up in a conversation with them and before long my bladder was rapidly filling up and making itself known. More than once I thought about excusing myself to go back upstairs to pee and each time I thought better of it. In addition to feeling shy about announcing my need, I had worked up that horrid bathroom in my mind so much that I got anxiety just thinking about it. I really didn’t think my pee shyness could be overcome, which in hindsight seems silly given my growing urgent need.

At long last we said our real goodbyes and headed out. I was somewhat cursing myself for accepting a ride by this point. I really had to pee now and if I was making my own way home I could figure something out. Instead we were heading in the opposite direction, towards where Rebecca had parked, and I genuinely didn’t know how long it would take to get home. But I was too polite to rescind on her offer, and besides I wasn’t sure of a non-embarrassing way to do it (“oh hey I’m about to start spurting hot urine into my pants, so I’m just going to make my own way home instead. You understand, right?”). I just couldn’t bring myself to say anything. Then Rebecca said to me, “It’s just this way”, and smiled and with that I followed. I had resigned myself to the Fates. Surely it couldn’t take that long?

I should explain a little about the downtown area of my city. The first is that there are parking lots everywhere and the second is that the streets are a maze of one way roads, which can be confusing to navigate if you’re unfamiliar with them (more on that later).

As we walked on I began to be quite intimate with Regret. I regretted not peeing earlier when I had the chance. I regretted accepting this offer for a ride home. I regretting not leaving earlier. I regretted ordering that last drink. I regretted wearing light blue jeans with a coat that only fell to the waist. I regretted having to look for a new job after I inevitably burst and would soon be standing in a growing puddle of my own shame (as Rebecca looked on and laughed). What was I going to do? Or more accurately what could I do? Nothing really, so I just continued on and tried to push any doubts out of my mind, while at the same time preventing my bladder from pushing it’s contents out into my underwear.

I looked around to see if there was a place I could quietly nip off to for some relief, but there was no way to do so without Rebecca noticing. I was way to embarrassed to let on that I couldn’t last 10 more minutes until (I hoped) I was home. I couldn’t bring myself to even hint that I might be in danger of losing control. I practically blushed thinking of the steam that would rise off every inch of my piss soaked jeans, if that happened right there.

Almost as if reading my thoughts Rebecca said, “I think it’s this way. I got myself turned around and lead you to the wrong parking lot. Come quickly and follow close, I bet you’re dying to get home”. Did she just wink at me or did I imagine it?

Turns out the correct parking lot was almost two (city) blocks away. By the time we arrived at her car “urgent” was tittering towards “frantic”. I gave myself a quick squeeze for good luck, as she fished her keys out of her purse. I honestly was beginning to doubt whether I could make it home in time. I thought about letting out a little pressure, before getting into her car, but there is no way I could keep that a secret. Besides, given how badly I need to go, I wasn’t confident “little” wouldn’t just turn into “entire contents of my bladder, snaking hotly down my legs and hissing loudly through my jeans”.

She took off her coat, and threw it in the back seat before getting in. “Okay so where do you live again?”. I told her the general area and said I could guide her once there. “Hmmmmmm I think I know the best way to get over there? That’s across the river right?”. She was right. My neighbourhood was across the river, which is easy to get to when walking. By car you have to account for one of two bridges that would let you get over there. In addition to all the different one way roads. I realized now I had made an error when I accepted her ride, naively believing this would be faster. I didn’t drive so I had forgotten that by car it was not nearly as straightforward as by foot. It was at this point that my confidence to hold out began to evaporate, replaced by vivid images of sitting in a puddle of my own making. I was worried now and unsure I would actually make it home without at least some wet spots.

“We’ll be there in no time, you just hold out”, she said smiling and placing a hand on my leg. Wait, were her nipples showing through her shirt? Was that because of the cold? No, my mind must be playing tricks, as I was finding it hard to focus on anything other than my growing need.

There were two ways to exit this parking lot, depending on the direction you ultimately wanted to go. I assumed she was going to take the road leading in the general direction of my place but instead she drove by it and left using the other exit. I can’t be sure I didn’t moan audibly when I realized what happened. “Oh wait, this is a one way”, she said, “I always get so confused downtown. I guess we’re taking the scenic route”. Oh my god, I thought, this can’t be happening. This is how the world ends, not with a bang but with my own whimper as a torrent of warm pee erupts from my crotch, glistening in the light of the passing street lamps.

I was trying to play it cool but I was struggling to pay attention to the conversation (and struggling not to leak at any moment). I couldn’t sit still and kept shifting around while I’m sure my breath was ragged. “So when are you going to admit you are desperate for the bathroom?”, Rebecca suddenly asked, looking over and flashing that damn smile of hers. I was too stunned to answer right away. “I’ve known you’ve needed to go since before we left the party. You’re so shy about it, but you couldn’t hide it from me. I bet you were hoping to find a spot to sneak off for some relief, huh? I guess you’d like if we pulled over now, wouldn’t you?”. We were stopped at a red light and she was looking me straight in the eyes, smiling that smile that could melt the ice caps. I felt equal parts comforted, turned on and mortified.

“Yes please” I managed to squeak back. “That’s too bad”, she replied, “because I’m not stopping for you”. Her smile never faltered. “Not until I’ve driven you home that is”. I swear her eyes were twinkling when she said that. My heart sank and my body almost gave up right then and there. I groaned as I thought I felt a leak. Or was it just my pen1s muscles fluttering as fatigue began to set in?

Just as the light changed to green, she leaned over and whispered in my ear. “Maybe you should hold yourself until we get there, so that you don’t disgrace yourself by having an accident in my car”.

Quick as lightning my hands shot to my crotch to hold my member tightly. Then we were off again, still driving in the opposite direction. “Good boy” I thought I heard her quietly say, as my cheeks flushed hot with embarrassment. When we passed a lamp post I was certain that her nipples were still hard.

Rebecca kept watching me as I squirmed and moaned under my breath. Now that the cat was out of the bag I wasn’t being subtle at all. I was on the verge of releasing several pints of hot beer piss into my jeans. There was no way I could make it home dry. I didn’t think I could make it to the end of the block. I was certain I would begin to leak any second now. I don’t think I had ever been so desperate in public before and certainly not with a woman sitting next to me.

But I couldn’t pee my pants in front of Rebecca. I just couldn’t! She was so beautiful and we worked together and I would have to move to another country if I did. I had to hold on. I had to try. I leaned forward and kneaded my c0ck like I was making bread. “Just a little longer, just a little longer”. It became my mantra.

“Boxers or briefs?”, I heard Rebecca ask. “Huh?”, I replied, thrown off by the change of subject. “It’s a simple question silly, do you wear boxers or briefs? If you’re going to start dripping (as it looks like you’re really struggling there honey), I’m curious what’s going to wet first; boxers or briefs?”.

“Ummmm boxer briefs actually”, I responded, groaning as I did so. She didn’t say anything and only nodded and smiled. After a few moments she asked “What colour?”.

“Huh? Oh I don’t remember”, I answered, “light blue I think. Yeah my light blue ones”.

She nodded and smiled again. “Light blue underwear, light blue jeans. Your outfit is conspiring against you sweetie. If you can’t control yourself, I think the space station would be able see your humiliation running down those legs”. I couldn’t believe what she was saying and how she was speaking to me. She was being so casual and blunt. I could feel myself blushing hard, something else I’m sure the space station could see.

Rebecca noticed (what didn’t she notice that night?) and gave my leg a gentle pat. “Awwww don’t you worry yourself, we’re heading in the right direction now at least. Before long you’ll be waddling up to your toilet with only a little wet spot between your fingers to account for this delay”. She said that with a playful laugh as if she was exaggerating for humorous effect while at the same time pointing out a very real possibility. This woman knew just how frantic things were and was having fun with it. I was minutes from pissing myself and she was talking to me like I was her pet. Maybe I was her pet at this point?

I felt a little hope knowing we were driving the right way now, but that hope began to fade as we kept hitting red lights. How was this possible, why were they staying red for so long. There is next to no traffic. I’m going to wet myself, hurry and change. I particularly strong wave hit me and I bent over and whined. “Rebecca we need to stop, I can’t hold it much longer. I think I’m going to leak, please help me. We need to stop someplace, a shop, a restaurant, an alley, I don’t care. I have to go so badly I really do think I will wet myself”.

Rebecca looked over at me, slowly taking in my whimpering, shaking form, before she replied. “There are no shops that will be open along this route. No restaurant is going to let you use the bathroom without staying in to eat. And I am not letting you relieve yourself in some alley, you might get caught and get a ticket. Besides we would have to find parking again. You are just going to have to hold it a little longer. Now sit up straight, you’re going to bang your head on the dash if I have to stop suddenly”.

The way she spoke had no malice or aggression to it, but there was this element of authority. She was sweet and kind but also in charge of the situation and I did what I was told. I straighten up and immediately felt the pressure change. “I don’t think I can last until I’m home”, I moaned and pressed my hands deeper into my groin, “please hurry”.

As if on that cue, I felt my pen1s twitch and a sizzling squirt of pee, shot out of me. I felt warmth on my hand and the trickles of urine dancing around my crotch, seeping their way down around my balls. “Rebecca!” I cried out.

I took my hands away and we both stared at my jeans. Even in the dark of the evening you could still see the damage. The wet spot was about the size of my palm and very obvious against the light blue of my jeans. As I looked down at my shame in horror, I felt another twitch and a second shot of piss shined in lamp light and grew the spot a little larger. I quickly returned my hands and bent over again.

“I’m leaking. I won’t be able to make it home. I’m going to pee my pants!”. My cheeks burned and I willed myself to wake up from this nightmare.

“Not in my car you won’t. Hold on, we’re at the bridge now. We’re almost there”, Rebecca reassured me.

But I didn’t have “almost”, as I was beyond frantic by now. I was moaning and squirming and pleading to no one in particular. My mind kept replaying the leaks over and over, adding to it the inevitable accident that felt seconds away. In my mind’s eye I could see my wet spot rapidly growing as my balls swam in a waterfall of my own making, pouring off the seat loudly and filling the car with that familiar urine scent.

As we finished crossing the bridge I felt I was coming to the end of my tether. I groaned as another little leak found its way into my boxer briefs. “I’m going to pee, I’m going to pee, I’m going to pee in my pants” I wailed. My embarrassment was almost as overwhelming as my bladder.

Rebecca pulled the car over, but we weren’t at my condo yet. “Pull yourself together” she said. “I can’t hold it, hurry keep driving. You’re going to make me piss myself” I pleaded back.

“No” she replied firmly. The locks on the car doors clicked open. “Out” she said, “I’ll not have you wet the seat any more than you may have done already. Get out until you can get yourself back under control”.

I opened the door and stood facing her, hunched over, with my one hand holding on for dear life. “Please Rebecca” was all I managed to get out before it was too late. I lost the battle and began using the toilet in my jeans.

By the light of the open car door Rebecca could see it all. Scorching hot pee flooded out of me. It hissed loudly between my fingers as it ran down my legs. I removed my hand and gave myself over to the relief, sighing as I did so. It was almost as intense as the urine rushing out of my c0ck was. The wet spot quickly grew and glistened then steamed, in the cold night air. It rapidly expanded down my inner thighs and ran over my shoes. I could see my puddle growing bigger as it melted the snow around me. A few passerby’s gasped or giggled as they watched a grown man helplessly embarrassing himself on the sidewalk.

After what felt like eternality I was done. I heard a moan but I don’t know if it was mine or Rebecca’s. “I had an accident” I said to her, hanging my head in shame. “You certainly did”, she smiled back. I made to get back in the car but she stopped me. “I’m afraid I can’t let you back in looking like that” she gestured at my pants. I was dumbfounded. “What?”

“Sorry sweetie, but you already left a little damp spot on the seat. This can be easily taken care of but not what you’ll leave if you sit down again”. She pointed to the damage my leaks had caused, I guess they were larger than I thought. “But don’t you worry, I said I would escort you home and I will. You get walking and I’ll follow behind in the car and make sure you are ok”.

I felt my face flush again as I looked around the street. I just wanted to shrink into the earth and hide but now I was being forced to walk out in the open, with extremely obvious peed in jeans. I looked back at Rebecca but knew her mind couldn’t be changed. I turned began making my humiliating walk home.

True to her word Rebecca followed slowly behind. I was so ashamed thinking about what I had done in front of her as well as knowing she could see people noticing my pissed in pants and commenting to each other. I turned around once to check on her and I was sure she was holding her breast with one hand. I blushed and didn’t look at her again.

At last I was home and Rebecca pulled over and got out. She silently looked me up and down for a few long moments. “Look at you, you really are a mess aren’t you? You weren’t lying about having to go”, she grinned. I wanted to die. How had I let this happen? Or was it that I let her happen to me?

After really taking in the scene, she came over and gave me a quick hug and whispered into my ear, “You better go shower before you catch a cold”, and then kissed me on the cheek. With a final smile and wave, she drove away, leaving me standing there soaking wet… and yearning.

