Wet Knights and Wetter Nights ch. 2, now 80% wetter!

Author: peepantsrunner

*000*2023-03-29 19:51

This is the second chapter in a story. Chapter one is here.

$iframe allowfullscreen="" data-embedauthorid="55643" data-embedcontent="" data-embedid="embed7025327756" style="height:304px;max-width:500px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/87496-wet-knights-and-wetter-nights/?do=embed&comment=2068665&embedComment=2068665&embedDo=findComment#comment-2068665"

I stood gasping over Leofric as his life quickly poured out of his twitching body. The two guards that had just come in pointed their swords at me, screaming, "Traitor!" and, "He was your captain!" Apparently, they had both assumed that I was the murderer, here to kill Queen Averil, and that Leofric had somehow been here at the right time to stop me, only I had prevailed against him. They probably would have struck me dead where I stood, had the queen not spoken on my behalf for the second time today.

"Lower your weapons!" she cried, "Edvin saved my life. Leofric came here to kill me. I suppose that explains why he was so eager to become my bodyguard." The soldiers did as they were commanded, and I sank to the nearest chair in relief and exhaustion. The two guards turned to their queen, to inquire after her wellbeing. I saw Averil looking at me over their shoulders at me, her deep blue eyes wide with urgency. I was unsure of what message she intended to pass to me at first, but she looked from me, to her bed, and back to me again and I understood.

Queen Averil herself was covered in her night gown, which had managed to stay dry on account of the way it had been up around her bosom at the moment of her slumbering accident. Her bed, however, still had the covers pulled back. Even in the flickering light of the torches, a large wet patch was plainly visible in its center. I had sworn to keep her secrets, and so I lifted my wounded body from the chair with a grunt and smoothed the covers over her puddle while the guards' backs were still to me.

###

Queen Averil and I sat, side by side, on the edge of her sweetly aromatic bed. Her chambers had been expertly cleaned of all traces of the traitor's blood, but Averil had then sent everyone away, worried that they would discover the large stain in her mattress, and was now tending to my wounds herself. As she wiped blood from my eye, she asked in a soft voice, "You must think I'm a pathetic little girl to pee in my bed like that, don't you?"

"Of course not, my queen. You're well aware I have had my own...difficulties in that regard." I said. Averil giggled now, a sound I hadn't ever thought to hear from a queen, even one so young. "Yes, you do. And you have to admit, brave knight, that it was somewhat humorous, the way your pee struck the inside of your armor and rang it like a bell."

I didn't think it was nearly as funny as she did, but I was glad to see her spirits rising after witnessing such a brutal affair, so I did my best to laugh along with her. "It's all his fault, you know. My uncle." She was looking down at the ground now, all laughter gone from her voice. "The accidents, I mean. There was never any proof that he had murdered my father, but I knew it was him. He wants the crown so bad. Ever since then, I've had nightmares. I dream of all the ways he might have killed my father, and might kill me one day. The nightmares scare me so, I just release my bladder. The terror usually passes soon after I pee."

Averil went quiet now, and I wanted to comfort her but knew not the words to do so with. Instead, I asked her, "Do the night terrors come often?" She looked at me and replied, "There are few mornings that I wake in a dry bed. How about yourself, Edvin? Surely it is not your habit to pee in your armor, else it would have rusted through long ago. Was that a special greeting you offer only to royalty?"

It was my turn to laugh now. "No, my queen. I simply drank too much and stood at attention too long. That's never happened to me before. Perhaps I should seek a chamber pot soon, though, if I don't wish for it to happen again." Averil jumped up and said, "Oh but please don't leave me alone right now. I'm still very upset about Leofric. Would you use the one I have here in my chambers?" Without waiting for a reply, she got down on her hands and knees to dig for the pot under her bed. "I'm rarely awake to use it when I pee in the night, but I know it's under here somewhere."

I couldn't believe my eyes, but once again, Queen Averil's night dress rose up over her hips, revealing the most lovely arse I'd ever seen on any woman. The chamber pot must have been hard to see in the shadows under her bed, and she was on the ground searching for it for quite some time. I felt a rising in my trousers as I watched her wiggling around down there, still in her piss-soaked underwear. Too soon, though, she had found the pot and pulled it out, ending the wonderful display as she sat back on the bed beside me.

"Well, there it is. Go on. Don't tell me you don't need it now that I've gone through the trouble of getting it." Averil said. I paused, unsure, and then said, "Err...perhaps in a moment. I think I should change your wet sheets first. Your needs are always first, of course."

"How chivalrous of you!" Averil said with one delicate hand over her ample bosom in a mock swoon. I gathered up her soiled sheets, but before I could carry them away to wash them, she stopped me. She said, "don't forget these," and proceeded to remove and then hand me her insubstantial lace underwear, giving me a brief glance of her womanhood in the process.

I took all her dirty laundry away to be washed later, and returned with fresh things. Again, she quickly flashed me as she stepped into her clean underwear. It didn't seem deliberate, but she also made no apparent effort to avoid doing so, either. It was as if it made no difference one way or the other what I saw. She now sat on her dry bed, expectantly waiting for me to take a piss that I knew I needed, but also knew I couldn't take.

"Are you shy, brave knight?" Averil teased me. I sought for a way to answer her that was suitably delicate for a royal lady, but she figured it out herself. "Oh," she said. "Oh my. It appears you have shown me your skill with the sword, and now wish to demonstrate your mighty spear to me!" I flushed red, and stammered out, "no my queen, I would never." She looked hurt by this, so I rambled on, "not that I wouldn't enjoy that," and here, she also looked affronted. "I mean, your Majesty is very beautiful, only I would never presume-" Averil burst out laughing. Oh, she was feigning offense to have fun at my expense.

"I'm sorry. I'm sorry, but you should've seen your face!" Averil cried, breast heaving with laughter. "It's fine, really. Perfectly understandable. I became so accustomed to seeing Eardwulf as a father, that I forgot what effect a woman's body has on a man. Perhaps one day you will be like a brother to me, but for now, do not be ashamed if the intimacy you share with me as my bodyguard leads to certain...reactions in you."

The Queen's outburst had relieved some of the tension, as well as stiffness, that I had been feeling around her. I was able at last to piss, and told her that I was about to. I had expected Averil to turn away, but she only looked at me with an increased interest and said, "go ahead." I was nervous about exposing myself before her, but I had already seen as much of her body and she had told me to, so I pulled myself out and began to piss a powerful stream into the pot. Queen Averil clapped her hands in delight and exclaimed, "A mighty thundering waterfall! It's a wonder your armor withstood the blow!"

My stream slowed and then ended, and Averil squatted over the pot to add her piss to mine. There wasn't much to see in that position, but I could hear everything. Funny, how a woman is feminine even in the sound of her peeing: a delicate tinkling sound like fine crystal chimes playing in a gently hissing breeze as opposed to the brash roar of my own stream. I had never noticed that before, but I now I stood enthralled. She gazed steadily up into my eyes as she finished, and said, "Thank you. Thank you for staying with me all night."

###

Days went by, and then weeks, with no further attempts on the queen's life. Investigations into Leofric's affairs seemed to indicate that he had been the duke's primary agent in the castle. He was sure to try to smuggle someone new in, or corrupt someone already inside, but his plans had been stalled for now, and so we settled into a peaceful routine. I slept while the queen was in court surrounded by other guards, and watched her while she slept, as well as attending to her needs in the mornings and evenings.

Queen Averil still wet her bed nearly every night even with the threat of murder held temporarily at bay. Some nights, I only knew while serving her breakfast in bed, she would inform me that her sheets would require changing after she got up. Others, I could tell she was being afflicted by the foul dreams, and knew she had lost control of her bladder when she sighed and her breathing grew deep and slow again. On one such occasion, I gently shook her awake, but I was too late; she was already peeing. She didn't stop her flow even though her eyes were open, whether because she was unable to or simply didn't see the point, I do not know. Either way, she sleepily thanked me, finished peeing, and told me it was quite unnecessary before drifting off again, apparently accustomed to sleeping wet. I did not bother waking her again.

Nearly two months passed in apparent peace. I was, as usual, on duty in the queen's chambers listening for any sounds of trouble. All was quiet save for a lone owl calling out for a mate, and the soft noises of Averil relaxing as her nightmare faded into contented wetness, when there was a sudden knock on the door. Was this another of her uncle's assassins? It seemed unlikely that he would try the same method that had failed twice already. More unlikely still that the killer would knock. All the same, I stood ready, sword in hand, as a messenger entered. He bowed deeply in apology for waking her Majesty, and explained that a man had ridden through the night to deliver a dire message, one that wouldn't wait until sunrise.

*003*2023-03-31 08:27

I thought I had implied that the main character handled the sheets and such, and very few people were ever allowed into the room. That's why he's trained as a knight and yet has to handle all the day to day tasks that you would expect other servants to handle for a queen. She heavily relies on him to keep the number of people who could possibly know as low as possible. Maybe I'll add in a later chapter that rumors are circulating despite her best efforts and she has to deal with that.

As for smell, I was 100% hand waving that problem away because it got in the way of the story. Maybe the wizard gave her febreeze or something.

