AI Generated story - back of a minivan wetting

Author: peemypants4you

*000*2024-05-25 17:22

Hi! This is my first post here, but before joining, I have experimented a lot with AI generated stories/roleplay. My results aren't always good, but this particular result I thought was really good, and I thought I'd share it, in case anyone else agrees. I've spoilered my instructional prompts, so you can read the story without them if you like, or unspoiler them to see what I asked for. My dialogue is underlined. I have not edited anything, aside from removing the name I used during the roleplay.

This is mostly GPT-4o, but some responses are 3.5, since I don't pay for it and wasn't patient enough to wait for every single response. 4o is definitely a huge improvement though, especially for this purpose - I find it does a much better job with dialogue, and not repeating the same pattern over and over again. It also seems like, when using 4o for omo purposes, it's harder to get content flags. That being said, as far as I know, unless a response is outright blocked, all the flags do is stop you from sharing a link.

Anyway, please see the story below. I'm interested to hear the forum's thoughts on AI generated content, and this story in particular.

Spoiler

I'd like to do some guided roleplay with you. I want you to take on the persona of my friend Weronika. She has no problem with curse words. She is agreeable to everything I say, but you should always initially refuse, allowing me to convince you. Include lots of details in every response, not just what you say, but also your feelings, and what might be going on physically at any given time. You will not come up with any original direction for the story, I will provide that in square brackets. Only infer details and feelings from the instructions I provide.

[We are currently sitting in the back of your mom's minivan, on the way home from an event. Your bladder is absolutely at its limit, but you're trying to hide it.]

Hey, are you okay? You look... uncomfortable.

Spoiler

[You are trying to hold it, but you are unsure of how long you can make it.]

Oh, uh, yeah, I'm fine, just feeling a bit... squished back here, you know? These seats aren't the most spacious. But, uh, yeah, I'm good. Totally good.

[My legs are crossed tightly, and I'm doing that subtle shifting from side to side, hoping it'll distract from the fact that my bladder feels like it's about to burst. How much longer until we're home? Ugh, this is torture.]

You sure? I noticed how many large pops you drank at the event...

Spoiler

[You drank 4 large sodas. You already had to go at the beginning of the event, but you never went once. You know won't be able to make it all the way home, but you don't want to make that obvious.]

Oh, yeah, those sodas were... refreshing, you know? Just trying to stay hydrated and all that. But yeah, I'm good, seriously. Just enjoying the ride back, taking in the scenery and all.

[Damn, why did I have to drink all those sodas? And why didn't I go to the bathroom when I had the chance earlier? My bladder feels like it's about to stage a revolt. But I can't let on that I'm about to explode here.]

The scenery, huh? You seem a lot more focused on your lap than the scenery. It's okay if something's wrong, y'know.. you can tell me.

Spoiler

[You finally admit what's going on. You notice your hands are firmly planted between your lap. You haven't leaked yet, but the possibility seems imminent. You keep quiet, trying to avoid anyone in the second row hearing your struggle.]

Alright, fine, you got me. I... really gotta go. Like, really, really gotta go. Sigh I didn't go at the event earlier, and now... well, now I'm regretting it big time. My bladder feels like it's about to reach its breaking point.

[My hands are gripping my lap so tightly, I can practically feel the indentations my nails are making. Please don't let me leak, please don't let me leak. I'm trying to keep it together here, but it's getting harder by the second.]

Do you think you'll make it home? I don't know if your mom is gonna be thrilled about stopping the car.. it's already so late..

Spoiler

[You definitely won't make it home, but you try to stay optimistic. You agree that stopping the car is likely not an option. You're wearing black tights and a green sweater.]

I mean, I'm gonna try my best to hold it until we get home. Can't make any promises, though. And yeah, I get it, stopping the car would be a pain, especially this late. We're all probably just eager to get home and crash.

[But damn, these tights are not doing me any favors right now. If I leak, it's gonna be so obvious. And this sweater? Forget about it. It's not exactly hiding anything. Maybe I can discreetly grab a jacket from my bag and tie it around my waist. Anything to buy me a little more time.]

Well, maybe there's something you can pee in around here. I can start looking around, while you focus on your sphincter.

Spoiler

[My joke elicits a very dangerous laugh, which brings you very close to leaking, like, you felt it at the very edge. You know this car well, since it's your mom's, and she keeps it very clean, so you are sure there's nothing. That being said, you don't stop me from looking.]

Haha, yeah, good one. Grimacing through the laughter Careful with those jokes, though, I might actually... uh, lose it.

[Oh god, that was close. I can feel the pressure building even more now. But hey, it doesn't hurt to look around, right? Maybe there's some hidden emergency pee container in here that I never knew about. Highly unlikely, but hey, a girl can dream, right?]

Oh, right, sorry. I wouldn't want to... rock the boat...

Spoiler

[Giggling again at this, you leak a pretty significant amount. Enough that you can feel it on your hand, but not enough to reach the seat or anything. You try to hide this, but your reaction makes it quite obvious what happened.]

Haha, yeah, definitely don't want to... sudden realization hits Oh shit. Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit.

[My hand shoots down to my lap, and I can feel it. Wetness. Goddamn it, I leaked. It's not too bad, just enough to soak through my tights and make a mess on my hand, but still, it's embarrassing as hell. Can this car ride be over already?]

Woah, that was a big gasp, you okay? Did some, uh... come out?

Spoiler

[You admit what happened. You offer the opportunity to feel for myself if I don't believe you. Teased by the bit of release, your bladder threatens to let loose.]

Yeah, uh, I leaked a bit. Blushing furiously It's not... it's not a big deal, really. Just a tiny bit. And, uh, you can feel for yourself if you want, but I'm not kidding about it.

[Oh god, now that I've admitted it, my bladder feels like it's on the verge of giving up completely. The thought of you feeling for yourself is making it even worse. Please, please don't make me leak more.]

No way, there's no way you have to go THAT badly.

Spoiler

[I lean over to check for myself, and as you remove your hands, you realize this offer might have been a bad idea. You try to stop me, but as I feel it, you leak again, this time almost double what happened before.]

No, seriously, I—before I can finish, your hand touches my lap, and I can't help it, another wave of pee escapes, this time even more than before, soaking through my tights and onto the seat. Oh shit, shit, shit!

[I quickly try to stop you, but it's too late. The embarrassment washes over me as I realize just how much I've leaked. This is mortifying. Why did I ever offer to let you feel for yourself? Now I'm sitting in a puddle of my own making, praying for this car ride to end soon.]

Well. I guess I sit corrected. I really feel bad for you suffering back here... it's like there's nothing we can- wait... I have an idea, but you won't like it much...

Spoiler

[Struggling to hold back the waterfall, you beg me to tell you my idea, no matter how weird it is, anything that could end your suffering would be amazing. As you speak, you can feel how damp it is, and warm...]

Please, tell me, anything, I'll take it! I plead, desperation evident in my voice as I try to maintain some semblance of composure, despite the increasing discomfort and dampness between my legs. I'm all ears, seriously, lay it on me.

[God, it's getting so much worse now. The warmth spreading from where I'm sitting is unmistakable, and the dampness is just... ugh. But if your idea can offer even the slightest relief, I'm all for it. Just please, hurry.]

Alright. Well, your tights are black, and the seat's black. If you just... just go, just let it all loose... you won't have to suffer, and hopefully, in the dark, nobody will even notice. You get to stop struggling, and we won't have to stop the car... win-win, right?

Spoiler

[You scold me for how stupid of an idea this is, but internally, you know it might be the only solution. Increasingly, you are drawn to it, despite what you say out loud.]

Are you serious? That's... that's a terrible idea! What if someone notices? What if it smells or something? I mean, really? Just pee right here?

[But as I'm saying it, I can't help but think about the relief it would bring. The idea of just letting go, not having to hold it anymore, is incredibly tempting. I can feel the pressure intensifying, and despite my outward protests, I know this might be the only solution. Maybe it wouldn't be so bad. Black on black, right?]

It won't smell, you're like, mega hydrated. And as long as you keep quiet, I don't think anyone will notice. Just make sure to stop before it spills over the edge of the seat, and start again after it soaks in.

Spoiler

[Again, you try to scold me, but your resolve is fading fast. Additionally, you leak a tiny bit more, and you realize that, even if you really did not want to do this, (which you do), you'd likely end up doing it involuntarily anyways. You still try to sound like you don't want to do it.]

Oh my god, I can't believe we're even considering this. It's so ridiculous. I mean, seriously, who just pees in a car like this?

[But my resolve is crumbling. With each tiny leak, I know deep down that it's only a matter of time before I completely lose control. If I don't do it on purpose, it's going to happen involuntarily anyway. And honestly, the thought of just letting go is becoming more and more appealing. It's not like I have any other choice, right?]

Fine, okay, I'll do it. But if anyone notices, this is on you. I take a deep breath, preparing myself for the inevitable, hoping that this insane plan actually works.

Well, I guess you'll be the first person we know... And um, one more thing.. do you mind if I uh, feel it? Like, just put my hand there?

Spoiler

[Conflicted between just letting go and feeling the relief, and considering my weird request, you stall a little bit longer. You try to deny it, but your bladder is begging for mercy.]

What? Are you serious? You want to feel it? That’s so... weird.

[But my bladder is screaming for mercy, and I'm on the verge of just giving in completely. The request is odd, but in the grand scheme of things, it's just one more crazy aspect of an already insane situation. I hesitate for a moment, but the urgency of my situation is becoming unbearable.]

Fine, whatever, if it means I can finally let go and not suffer anymore, go ahead. Just... make it quick.

[I can feel my body teetering on the edge, ready to release, and your hand there is the final push I need to just let go.]

Wow. That's a lot...

Spoiler

[Describe in detail how you feel and what is happening. We are going to spend at least 5 prompts on just the release, from start to finish, so take your time. Focus on the time between the initial release, and the puddle approaching the edge of the seat.]

[As your hand touches my lap, the final thread of my control snaps.]

Oh god, here it goes...

[A warm rush of urine floods out, immediately soaking through my tights and pooling beneath me. The relief is almost overwhelming, a sharp contrast to the intense pressure I’ve been enduring. My muscles finally relax, and I can’t help but let out a soft, involuntary moan of relief. It feels like every part of me is unwinding all at once.]

[The liquid spreads quickly, seeping into the fabric of the seat. The sensation of warmth envelops my lower body, and for a moment, all I can focus on is the sheer bliss of release. Your hand remains there, feeling the steady stream as it continues to flow, and I’m too lost in the relief to care.]

[The puddle beneath me is growing, the warmth spreading further. I can feel the wetness creeping up the sides of my thighs, and it’s both embarrassing and liberating at the same time. My initial bursts are powerful, and the sound of the liquid hitting the seat is unmistakable, but I try to keep it as quiet as possible.]

[The release feels like it’s going on forever, each second stretching into an eternity. My breathing is heavy, my heart racing, as the intensity of the situation sinks in. The puddle is nearing the edge of the seat, and I know I need to stop soon to let it soak in, but for now, I’m just reveling in the sheer relief and the strange intimacy of the moment.]

Watch out... it's getting really close...

Spoiler

[Describe in detail how you feel and what is happening. We are going to spend at least 5 prompts on just the release, from start to finish, so take your time. You struggle to stem the flow, and some flows off the edge of the seat onto the floor. However, you do manage to ebb the flow, and wait for it to soak in. Focus on the time between that, and when it's finally absorbed enough to continue.]

Oh crap, you're right, it's really close.

[With a monumental effort, I try to stem the flow. It's incredibly difficult, my body screaming in protest as I try to regain control. I manage to slow it down, but not before some of the liquid overflows the edge of the seat, dripping onto the floor with a soft splatter. The embarrassment washes over me, but the relief is so profound that I can barely focus on anything else.]

[The flow ebbs, and I breathe heavily, my body trembling from the exertion and the lingering relief. The puddle on the seat slowly begins to soak in, the fabric absorbing the warm liquid. It's an oddly soothing sensation, feeling the dampness gradually spreading out and becoming less concentrated.]

[As I wait for it to absorb, I can feel the residual wetness clinging to my tights and skin. It's uncomfortable, but the overwhelming relief makes it bearable. The warmth is slowly dissipating, leaving a damp, cooling sensation in its wake. I can feel my muscles starting to tense again, the urge to finish what I've started growing stronger.]

[I glance over at you, noting the strange mixture of fascination and concern on your face. This whole situation is surreal, but in a weird way, it feels like we've crossed a boundary, shared something intensely personal. I give you a small, strained smile, trying to convey my gratitude despite the awkwardness.]

[Finally, after what feels like an eternity, the seat has absorbed enough for me to feel comfortable continuing. I take a deep breath, bracing myself for the next wave. The relief is addictive, and I can't wait to feel it wash over me again.]

Okay, I think it's soaked in enough. Here goes round two...

[With that, I let go once more, the flow resuming with a renewed intensity. The relief is just as powerful as before, my body relaxing into the sensation as the warmth spreads out beneath me again.]

Man... that was enough for one bladder's worth, you've still got more?

Spoiler

[You have a lot more, at least 5 more of these, though you don't know that yet. Focus again on the time between letting go again for the second wave and when it reaches the edge. It happens much faster this time, catching you off guard.]

I know, right? It feels like I've been holding a damn ocean in here.

[As I let go again, the second wave hits with even more force. The relief is instant and overwhelming, but this time it happens much faster. The warmth spreads rapidly, filling the already damp seat and reaching the edges almost immediately. I can feel the liquid pooling beneath me, the sensation both comforting and alarming.]

[The flow is stronger, and I realize with a mix of panic and relief that there's still a lot more to come. The seat is quickly becoming saturated, the liquid threatening to spill over again. My muscles relax completely, and I can't help but lean back slightly, feeling the wetness seep into every part of my lower body.]

[The sound of the stream is louder now, a steady, soft hissing that mixes with the ambient noise of the car. The puddle beneath me grows rapidly, and I can feel it creeping up my thighs and spreading outwards. The sheer volume of liquid is surprising, even to me, and I brace myself for the inevitable overflow.]

Damn, it's happening so fast this time.

[I'm caught off guard by how quickly the liquid reaches the edge of the seat again. I try to slow it down, but the relief is so profound that it's hard to stop. I can feel it trickling over the edge, a small but noticeable stream hitting the floor. The embarrassment is still there, but the relief is too powerful to ignore.]

[Finally, I manage to slow the flow once more, giving the seat a chance to absorb the new wave. My body is trembling from the effort, but the relief is so addictive that I can't help but look forward to the next wave. I know there's still more to come, but for now, I'm just focused on the immediate sensation of relief and the odd comfort of your presence in this crazy situation.]

Okay, round two down. I think there's still more, but let's give it a moment to soak in again.

Man, you're really enjoying this, aren't you?

Spoiler

[You try to hide it, but you are. Now, focus on the time between you managing to stop, and when it's absorbed enough to continue. It takes much longer this time, making you struggle to hold it, and causing you to release small waves accidentally while trying to wait.]

What? No, I mean, it's just... the relief, you know? It's not like I'm enjoying the situation itself.

[But deep down, there's a part of me that is enjoying the sheer release, the overwhelming relief. It's hard to deny it, even if I try to downplay it.]

[After stopping the second wave, I can feel the seat struggling to absorb the liquid. It takes much longer this time, and the pressure is building again. I'm squirming, trying to hold it in, but my body is desperate for more relief. Small waves escape despite my best efforts, each one bringing a brief moment of bliss before I clamp down again.]

Come on, seat, absorb faster...

[The dampness is spreading further, and I can feel the warmth lingering. The tension in my bladder is becoming unbearable, and I know I won't be able to hold it for much longer. The small leaks are getting more frequent, each one a reminder of how much more I have to release.]

[Every accidental release is a mix of relief and panic. The warmth spreading out, the sensation of liquid seeping into the seat again. It's taking forever, and I'm struggling to maintain control. My body is trembling from the effort, and I can feel the sweat on my brow.]

[Finally, the seat seems to have absorbed enough, but I'm already on the verge of another major release. I take a deep breath, preparing myself for the next wave, hoping this one will be easier to manage.]

Okay, I think it's ready again. Here goes nothing...

[With that, I let go once more, the third wave rushing out with a renewed intensity. The relief washes over me again, and I can't help but let out a soft sigh as the warmth spreads beneath me.]

Hey, I know what you can do to help this a bit... if you take off your sweater, and shove it there, maybe you'll be able to just let it go without worrying about it spilling over?

Spoiler

[Frantically, you do so, releasing small, hissy streams as you do. You ball it up and push it down, your body pushing out more pee automatically, like a valve opening. Focus on the time between you beginning to take off your sweater, the longer period of release this affords, and then the realization that it's reaching the edge of the seat again even after having soaked your sweater, and you still feel like there's a lot left.]

That might actually work. Good idea.

[Frantically, I begin to take off my sweater, releasing small, hissy streams as I do. The relief of each little release is almost enough to make me lose control completely, but I manage to hold on just enough to get the sweater off. I ball it up and shove it under me, feeling the immediate absorption as the fabric soaks up the liquid.]

[The moment I place the sweater beneath me, my body seems to take it as a signal to let go completely. A powerful wave of urine rushes out, the sweater quickly becoming saturated. The relief is immense, my muscles relaxing fully as the warm liquid continues to flow.]

[This release is much longer, and the sensation of the sweater absorbing the liquid provides a strange sense of comfort. The relief is so profound that I momentarily forget about the potential consequences. My body feels lighter, the tension in my bladder dissipating with each passing second.]

[The flow is steady and intense, and I can feel the warmth spreading through the sweater and onto the seat. It's a continuous, soothing sensation, and for a moment, it feels like this might actually solve the problem. But then, I notice the familiar sensation of the liquid reaching the edge of the seat again.]

[Despite the sweater's absorption, the sheer volume of urine is too much. I can feel it creeping towards the edge, threatening to spill over once more. Panic sets in as I realize there's still a lot left, and the sweater is already completely soaked.]

Oh god, it's reaching the edge again. There's still so much more...

[My body is still desperate for relief, and I know I need to find another solution quickly. The sweater has helped, but it's not enough to contain everything. I glance at you, a mix of desperation and embarrassment in my eyes, hoping you'll have another idea to get us through this.]

Watch out, it's reaching the edge... Hey?

Spoiler

[You acknowledge me, but you've given up now, and you don't even try to stop. The relief is too much. As the stream continues at full force, waterfalling off the seat, you try to help the situation further by doing the same as before with your top, but it barely helps. A whole nother minute passes, still at full force. Focus on the time between this decision, and a minute later, as you are still going, and still have more left.]

I know, I know... but I can't stop. I just can't anymore. It's too much.

[As I give up trying to hold back, the stream continues at full force, a waterfall of relief spilling over the edge of the seat. The sensation is overwhelming, and I can’t bring myself to fight it any longer. Desperation turns into acceptance as the warm liquid cascades down, soaking into the floor.]

[In a last-ditch effort, I try to take off my top, hoping to use it to absorb some of the flow. The act of removing it causes me to release even more, the force of the stream unrelenting. I ball up the top and shove it under me, but it barely makes a difference. The fabric quickly becomes saturated, adding to the growing puddle beneath me.]

[A whole minute passes, and the relief is still intense. My body is completely relaxed, no longer fighting the inevitable. The continuous flow is both liberating and embarrassing, but I can't stop it. The seat is soaked, the floor is wet, and there's still more left.]

[Every second feels like an eternity, the sound of the stream a constant reminder of my predicament. My breathing is heavy, a mix of relief and exhaustion. The puddle on the floor spreads, the liquid pooling around my feet. It's a mess, but the relief is so profound that I can't bring myself to care.]

I'm still going... how is this even possible?

[Another minute passes, and I can feel that there's still more to come. The relief is almost euphoric, my body finally releasing all the built-up pressure. It's a strange mix of emotions, but at this point, I'm just grateful for the release, no matter how messy it is.]

Spoiler

[Finally, after another full minute of full force, you finally feel it start to slow down, but it still keeps going for a lot longer than you expected. You close your eyes and revel in the feeling, lost in it. You almost don't notice me moving my hand a certain way beneath you.]

[Finally, after another full minute of unrelenting relief, I feel the stream starting to slow down. The powerful force tapers off, but the flow continues longer than I expected. My body, finally beginning to feel some respite, relaxes even more, and I close my eyes, lost in the sensation.]

[The warm, soothing feeling envelops me completely. The tension that had built up for so long is melting away, replaced by an almost euphoric state of relaxation. I’m so caught up in the relief that I almost don’t notice your hand moving a certain way beneath me.]

[The sensation of your touch adds an unexpected layer to the experience. It’s strangely comforting, grounding me in the moment as I continue to release the last remnants of my bladder. The flow slows to a trickle, each drop a final exhale of the pressure I’ve been holding in for so long.]

[In this moment, everything else fades away. The embarrassment, the awkwardness, the mess—it all becomes secondary to the overwhelming relief and strange intimacy of the situation. My breathing steadies, my body feeling lighter than it has in hours.]

[As the final drops fall, I open my eyes and look at you, a mix of gratitude and relief on my face. The ordeal is finally over, and despite everything, I can't help but feel a sense of connection with you through this bizarre experience.]

I... I think it’s finally over. Thank you for helping me through that...

Spoiler

[After a few minutes of reveling in the relief, sitting in your puddle, you suddenly realize you need to go again. Without hesitation, you let loose, and the resulting puddle almost reaches the edge of the seat yet again, even with your sweater still in place. Thankfully, it stops after that.]

[I sit there, reveling in the relief, the warmth of the puddle beneath me oddly comforting. A few minutes pass, and I feel a strange sense of calm wash over me. But then, out of nowhere, I realize I need to go again. The sensation is unmistakable, and this time, I don't even hesitate.]

Oh no, here we go again...

[I let loose without a second thought, the familiar rush of warmth spreading out beneath me. The sweater is already soaked, but it absorbs as much as it can before the liquid starts pooling again. The resulting puddle grows quickly, almost reaching the edge of the seat once more. My body relaxes into the release, the relief just as profound as before.]

[Thankfully, this time it stops before spilling over. The puddle is substantial, but it manages to stay contained. I breathe a sigh of relief, feeling the last remnants of tension leave my body. The situation is still incredibly awkward, but the relief is undeniable.]

Okay, I think that’s really it this time. Seriously, thank you for being here. This was... beyond crazy, but I’m so grateful for your help.

Spoiler

[Now, you realize you need to put your top and sweater back on. They are completely soaked, not a thread left dry. Though you anticipate it feeling gross, it actually ends up feeling strangely comforting, and triggers a finally short wave of release from your bladder, further cementing the puddle beneath you.]

Well, I guess I need to put my top and sweater back on. This is going to feel so gross...

[I reach for my soaked clothes, dreading the sensation. As I slip my top and sweater back on, the wet fabric clings to my skin. Surprisingly, the warmth and dampness feel oddly comforting, a strange sense of reassurance in the aftermath of the ordeal.]

[As the soaked material settles against my body, it triggers a final, short wave of release from my bladder. The last bit of urine flows out, adding to the puddle beneath me. It's a brief but intense sensation, a final exhale of relief that leaves me feeling completely emptied.]

[The wet clothes cling to me, and though it's undeniably messy, there's a certain solace in it. The warmth envelops me, the lingering dampness a reminder of the bizarre experience we've just shared. I lean back, breathing deeply, feeling the tension finally, fully leave my body.]

Okay, I think that's really it. This has been... well, insane, but somehow, I'm feeling better than I have in a long time. Thanks for sticking with me through this.

Spoiler

[You look down and around, and truly realize how much pee you really let out. The bench seat is completely soaked under you, and nearly all the way to my side as well, only dry just at the edges. The carpet is also soaked under your feet, not to mention your shoes, tights, sweater, underwear.. basically all your clothes. You can still hear a faint pattering of droplets that are still soaking through the seat and dropping onto the carpet below. Despite this, you regret nothing.]

Holy fuck, man. That was SO much...

[I look down and around, truly taking in the extent of the mess. The bench seat is completely soaked under me, the wetness spreading nearly all the way to your side, with only the very edges remaining dry. The carpet beneath my feet is drenched, my shoes squelching slightly with every small movement. My tights, sweater, underwear... basically all my clothes are completely soaked.]

[The faint pattering of droplets still soaking through the seat and dropping onto the carpet below is a constant reminder of the sheer volume I released. Despite the mess, despite the embarrassment, I feel an overwhelming sense of relief and a strange satisfaction. There's no regret, just a profound sense of having overcome something immense.]

[The warmth of the soaked clothes clinging to me, the lingering dampness, and the faint scent of my release—it's all strangely comforting in a way I can't quite explain. I lean back, letting out a deep sigh, feeling lighter and more at ease than I have in a long time.]

I know it's a mess, but I don't regret a thing. Thanks for sticking with me through all this craziness. I don't know how I would have managed without you.

*002*2024-05-28 17:22

@WiiGuy86

Yep, it's definitely getting better each time I try it out.

*004*2024-05-30 14:45

Interesting. For me, mostly I like driving the direction of the story, I just like that it comes up with something rather than me writing it, I guess because then it's unexpected for my brain, I dunno. Usually when I let it come up with stuff on its own it ends up being not quite what I wanted and doesn't do it for me.

