A date of youth

Author: peeacsfan

*000*2024-04-11 15:41

Okay, then we'll meet at eight, agreed, - Dasha finished the conversation, put her smartphone on the table, and went to her locker with clothes.

- Len, and Len? - frozen, she began to inspect her many outfits, - Len, do you hear me?

"Yes, I hear it," came the sister's reply from somewhere far away. Meanwhile, Dasha took off a lilac skirt from a hanger, and began to try it on with a deeply thoughtful look. Then she took out another one, and began to apply it to herself in turn, choosing.

- Artyom invited me for a walk, I don't know what to wear, - having already decided that she would go in a lilac skirt, Dasha said.

- Artyom, is that the tall black one? The sister's question came faintly.

- Yes, he says he liked me very much, he wants to see me today, - Dasha explained without looking up from the fitting. There was a noise of water draining, and after a few seconds Lena came out of the toilet.

"I didn't hear what you said," she asked, straightening her shorts as she walked.

- I said, he wants to see you today. We agreed on eight o'clock in the evening. I don't know what kind of jacket to wear to match the skirt.

- So put mine on, I just bought it the day before yesterday, I'll bring it now, - and the sisters, to the sound of the radio, continued to do their daily chores of their current youth. They were the most ordinary girls of their time, both beautiful, slender, sociable. And the age difference was only a little over a year. Dasha is the youngest, but both did not have their regular boyfriend, because life was just beginning.

They were sitting in the kitchen, discussing magazines, show business stars, boys, drinking tea. Then Dasha changed her clothes and went to make up. Lena was trying to find out something about a new boyfriend, and she thought to herself that she would also like to meet someone, but no one invited her, and she herself did not want to call anyone first either.

"Well, that's it, I'm ready," Dasha said, putting the last touch on her lipstick and smacking her lips, looking at herself in the mirror. Then she put on her shoes, took her purse and went outside.

@@The days were warm, the long-awaited summer was in full swing, the city was living its usual life. She got into a minibus, and arrived at the appointed place at eight o'clock sharp. Artyom was already waiting for her there. When he saw it, he was delighted, and, trying to hide a little nervousness, offered to take a walk. In general, nothing special happened. They walked for a while, as did hundreds of young couples. Then he invited Dasha to sit on a park bench and have a drink. Dasha did not refuse, and asked him to buy a low-alcohol Red's beer. They got in line, and five minutes later Artyom was taking three bottles of red's and two of Houegarden out of the refrigerator. With this good, they sat down on a bench in a deserted part of the park, and slowly sipped a foamy, and Dasha gently sweet alcoholic drink. They talked about all sorts of things - the things that young men with boiling hormones talk about on dates, with young girls who long to fall in love and be loved. Time flew by imperceptibly. The subject was telling a funny case from life, Dasha laughed, then told a story about a funny teacher at school. Weak alcohol created pleasant sensations in her head, and the girl was happy to drink the second bottle.

- Imagine, I tell him, yes, you don't have to accompany me, I can walk home on my own, but he still follows me like a tail, I don't know how to get rid of him anymore, - she enthusiastically told Artyom about one of the obsessive fans, after taking another sip. A small dose of alcohol hit her head, which made her feel warm and pleasant. Besides, she felt more and more sympathy for Artyom. He pressed closer and closer to her, and she did not push him away, as had happened on several other dates when less experienced suitors did not impress her. At some point, he got a call on his cell phone, he talked for a while, and told Dasha that he would be back in a minute, and he went somewhere. She was left alone for a while. Her thoughts flowed sluggishly in her head, and it was clear from her eyes that she was already drunk. The young girl realized that she really wanted to snuggle and kiss Artyom. I got a little excited at the thought. I also thought that I don't need to drink anymore, otherwise you never know what Artyom will think, and I still need to…

- Well, I'm back, aren't you cold? Artyom confidently snuggled up to Dasha, interrupting her beer-fueled reflections.

- No, I'm... I'm... It's okay," she replied uncertainly, losing her head from alcohol, excitement, and suddenly a slight shame.

@@It was the climactic moment of the evening in such cases. The guy said something, but the girl was already thinking only about him, and he understood that he had to act. There was a moment of silence, during which the young people finished their beer, then the girl pressed closer to him, they turned to face each other, and young passion forced them to kiss. It was a real flight for her: his manly lips merged with her sweet girlish lips, they enjoyed this kiss for eternity, it seemed that time had stopped, and they reveled in this feeling.Dasha stood up, threw her slender leg over him, sat on her knees facing him, and with all the passion that young girls in love are capable of, warmed up by a warm summer evening, a sense of romance, youth and alcohol, bit into his lips, feeling the erection that had come from the young man, and she was already ready to give herself up, if there were other circumstances... well, when she would know him better, after all, not all at once. Their tongues touched, she wrapped her arms around his neck, and he stroked her hair and back. The idyll continued until he began to touch her breasts with his hand, and once his hand stroked her buttocks. After that, the girl decided to pause so as not to completely fly away from happiness.

- What time is it? Dasha asked Artyom, moving away from the kiss a little.He looked at his watch and said it was past eleven o'clock.

- I have to go home. Will you walk me to the bus stop? - looking at him tenderly, the girl asked.

They got up, threw the empty bottles into a nearby trash bin, and happily, holding hands, slowly headed to the bus stop. Despite the late evening, it was still quite warm outside. Artyom was talking again, and Dasha occasionally looked around. By evening, there were mostly tipsy young people on the street, guys were hitting on girls, they broke down, but then they easily agreed when they were offered to buy beer. Of course, they immediately chose the most expensive, and also asked to buy chips and cigarettes, after which they were probably ready for anything. The young people came to the bus stop. Despite the late hour, there was a long queue at the bus stop, everyone wanted to buy beer. Minibuses went less and less, only two passed, but not those on which Dasha could have left, who for some reason stood sad and noticeably tense, which Artyom immediately noticed. He came up to her and hugged her, which made the girl smile slightly.

- Why did you become so sad, did I offend you in some way? - the young man tried to cheer her up, seeing the changes in the mood of his new (what she hoped for) pretty girl.

- No, I'm just a little tired, and it's already late. I want to go home. Where are you going now?

- So I'll go with you, I'll walk you home, - the young man was surprised.

- (God, don't send me off), - she thought, but said out loud, - We'll see you again. And I'm not far from the bus stop there, I'll get there myself, don't worry. But Artyom was not going to give in. He wanted to kiss Dasha again at her entrance, and at the same time find out exactly where she lives.

***

- Well, finally, I'll be home soon, - the girl thought to herself when she saw the approaching minibus. Artyom, as a young gentleman, insisted that he would go with her and escort her home, which in general was very pleasant for the girl, although she wanted to leave alone. Dasha crossed her legs, put her purse on her lap, and thought about something intently. They rode in silence for a while. Artyom was confused by the changes in the girl's mood. He drove and thought to say something nice to her, while Dasha was absorbed in her thoughts, which the guy did not even know about.

- What will you do at home, will you go to bed? - after killing a long pause, he began to find out from Dasha.

- Yes, most likely. I'm tired, I'm going to go to bed, maybe I'll watch a movie," the girl replied in a sinking voice, resting her elbows on her knees, clutching her bag and swaying a little.

They drove home in silence, Artyom often glanced at Dasha, realized that he really wanted her, and from time to time looked out the window. Dasha drove like that, and hardly looked at Artyom, but mostly looked out the window and thought hard about something, immersed in herself. Have arrived. The young man handed the driver the money for two, got out of the minibus, and gave his hand to the girl at the exit.

- Well, thanks for seeing me off, I'm not far away, I live in those yards, I can walk myself, otherwise you won't leave by minibus, - the girl nodded her hand somewhere to the side, while looking into Artyom's eyes with great longing and impatience.

- Come on, stop talking nonsense, I'll walk you home, – he said confidently, putting his arm around the girl's waist.

- Well ... well, okay, but let's go quickly, - she was suddenly taken aback and quickly led the young man after her.

They walked quite fast, and, nevertheless, Dasha kept trying to accelerate her pace, as if she was trying to escape from him, but he courageously and confidently walked after her, anticipating, but already with doubt, given the changes in the girl's mood, an evening kiss at her house. Dasha, on the contrary, thought to herself that she needed to get home as soon as possible, and not let him kiss her at the entrance, otherwise something terrible could happen to her, and she was very afraid of this. Finally, the final moment of this wonderful evening came, they reached home.

- Well, I'll go, will you call me tomorrow? - hoping to get off quickly, Dasha asked very anxiously.

- Of course, will I see you tomorrow? Artyom asked her hopefully, not wanting to let go of the girl, and touched her elbow.

- You call, I think so... but... Subject, I really have to go home already, I'll go, okay?! - with a pleading voice, looking down, the girl said plaintively, nevertheless, she did not pull her hand away, because she was pleased with his touch. Artyom realized that he must not miss the moment, hugged the girl to him and kissed her. Dasha instinctively began to respond with a kiss, but she knew that it would not last long, because it was not as long and not as pleasant as that crazy kiss in the evening on the bench, which occurred less than two hours ago. At one point, she jerked back sharply and said:

- Subject, I'll go. Seriously. Let's see you tomorrow, call me," she kissed him again on the lips, and he reluctantly let her go. At that moment, a neighbor with a dog came out of the entrance, Dasha greeted her, looked at Artyom tenderly and longingly, said "Call me tomorrow", and disappeared into the entrance.

Artyom was just elated with happiness after this date, he still did not realize that he had fallen in love with Dasha. I got home on foot, or rather I flew on the wings of love, scrolling through the details of tonight, and mainly concentrating on the kiss with Dashenka in my memories. At home, he drank tea, intoxicated by the emotions that overwhelmed him, experiencing the euphoria of young passion, and thought, thought, continued to think endlessly about his Dashulka…

* * *

Saying goodbye to Temik, Dasha quickly climbed the stairs, and rushed to call the elevator, which, judging by the sound, was going up, as luck would have it.

- Fuf, Thank God, I would like a little more ..., - thoughts were confused in my head, despite the fact that the alcohol had completely disappeared. Dasha was worried about something else... the ELEVATOR, damn it, the ELEVATOR that was going up, not down!!! The girl nervously began to walk around waiting, thinking that she had to go to the eighth floor, and God forbid she would not get stuck. It happened to her once in the first grade…

Finally, the doors slowly opened, then closed, and at that time Dasha laid down all the mats for the slowness of the technique, holding her hand on the call button, her figure at the same time resembled the letter zy. The elevator slowly went down, and Dasha began to dance on the spot, then shifted from one foot to the other, and soon with a quiet sigh she began to walk back and forth again.

- "Oh my God! I'm going to die now! Come on, hurry up, darling..."

The elevator arrived, the doors opened, the girl flew into the booth, and fussily pressed the button. The lifting mechanism dragged up dejectedly, and Dasha, crossing her slender legs, pressed her lower abdomen with her hand and mentally begged the elevator to go faster. Soon the doors opened, and Dasha ran out in a panic, ran up to her apartment and pressed her thumb into the bell button with all her might…

- Dasha, are you? Lena's voice came from the apartment.

- I am! Open it quickly!!! – the sister replied.

The door opened, and Dasha almost knocked her sister down, bursting into the apartment.

- How was the date?

- I'll tell you later! I want to go to the toilet! I have no strength! Dashutka replied, and at first flew into the cherished room, "WHOOF! – it was heard a minute later from behind the door, through a loud splash, - Barely in time! I thought I couldn't stand it.

***

- ...and then I was just blown away! He was such a great kisser! Dasha shared her impressions with her sister. I could kiss endlessly if I didn't want to go to the bathroom.

- So I would say and go, what's the big deal?

- Well, anyway, I tell him that he needs to go home. And then it hit me at the bus stop! Damn it! And in the minibus, and in general, kapets – I thought about one thing: just to get there!

- Heh! Oh, come on!

- And then they came out, I tell him that there is no need to accompany me, I can walk home on my own, and I think myself – at least he would listen. I would at least go into the bushes!

- And what about him?

- And he's not in any way. I went to see him off. I have already endured with the last of my strength! And he also began to detain me, then kissed me, and I really thought, damn, that I would piss on the spot and then tryndets!!

- Well, you're a humorist!

- Oh, Len, believe me, I wasn't laughing. Miraculously survived!

- You'll be braver next time! We learn from mistakes! – as an older sister, Lena replied.

And at night, Dasha remembered that divine kiss, sighed dreamily and decided that she would meet with the Topic. "Only I won't drink beer anymore," she thought as she fell asleep, and imagined with a nightmare that everything could have happened earlier, with him, and then she would have died of shame, and they would never have met again.

