Omovember 2020: Day 13

Author: PPP

*000*2020-11-14 04:05

$$

###

Day 13: At the beach Azula (Avatar: The Last Airbender)

###

Azula, princess of the Fire Nation, was a girl of many talents. Her Firebending was remarkable, second only to her father, Firelord Ozai. She was a genius at strategy, often putting her generals to shame. And she could lie well enough to fool the sharpest people. Right now, however, she was focusing her talents on winning a game of beach kuai ball.

“C’mon, Azula!” Ty Lee cheered from beside her. “You got this!”

“Obviously,” said Azula with a sneer. So far, her vacation on Ember Island with Ty Lee, Mai, and her brother Zuko had been nothing but a bore. But the thrill of victory, even in a simple sport, put the fire back in her veins. She leapt into the air and spiked the ball, sending it crashing down behind her opponents. They never stood a chance.

“Yes! We defeated you for all time!” she gloated. “You will never rise from the ashes of your shame and humiliation!” Azula sighed with satisfaction. “Well, that was fun.”

“Whatever,” said Mai. “I’m going back under the umbrella.”

“And those cute guys demand my attention,” said Ty Lee. “See ya!”

Still basking in the glory of her victory, Azula decided to bask in the sun. She lay back on her towel and closed her eyes, letting the warm rays tan her skin.

“Ahh,” she sighed. “This feels nice…” Slowly, Azula felt herself doze off.

Azula struggled against her icy bonds, but it was no use: the Waterbender was too strong.

“Unhand me, peasant!” the princess screamed. Katara, the last Waterbender in the South Pole, laughed at her.

“Stop struggling, princess,” she sneered. “We’re going to have some fun.” Azula felt herself quiver in fear when Katara reached out with an open palm. The Waterbender waved her hand and Azula felt a pressure in her midsection. Suddenly, her bladder was incredibly full.

“You know,” Katara taunted, “pure water isn’t the only thing I can bend.”

“No,” whispered Azula, knowing what was coming. Katara clenched her fist. Azula tried to fight it, but she could feel her bladder being squeezed like a lemon. Pee trickled out and ran down her legs in rivulets. She cried out in rage and humiliation as Katara laughed…

“Gah!” Azula woke up with a shock. Oh, good: just a dream, was her first thought. She sat up and groaned as she felt the fullness in her bladder. Well, I guess that explains the dream. Azula looked down and was discouraged to see a visible bulge in her bare midriff. I didn’t realize I drank that much, she thought. I’d best take care of this.

Azula looked around and saw Ty Lee nearby, surrounded by a harem of fawning boys. She walked up and gave one of her best royal glares. The boys scattered.

“Hey!” Ty Lee protested. “What was that for?”

“Forget them,” Azula ordered. “Your princess requires your assistance.”

“Oh!” said Ty Lee, perking up. “What do you need help with?”

For a moment, Azula doubted her course of action. Then she felt a powerful twinge run through her bladder and realized she had no choice.

“Do you, er, know where the bathrooms are?” she whispered, embarrassed.

“What did you say?”

“Where are the bathrooms?” Azula asked again, louder this time. “I need to… relieve myself.”

“Oh, you have to pee?” said Ty Lee, far too loudly for Azula’s liking. “Why didn’t you just say so?” She paused. “I, uh, don’t think there are any bathrooms on this beach. Sorry!”

“What do you mean, no bathrooms?” cried Azula, crossing her legs in desperation.

“Well,” said Ty Lee, “I guess they assumed everybody would go into the sea and pee in their swimsuits.”

“Absolutely not,” snapped Azula. “I refuse to dirty my bathing suit like that.”

“But you’ll be in the water,” Ty Lee pointed out. “It’ll just flow away.”

“Wetting myself is still beneath me,” said Azula. “What are my other options?”

“Well,” said Ty Lee, “I guess you could find some place out of the way and pee behind some rocks.”

“Like a commoner?” scoffed Azula. Then, to her horror, she felt a few drops leak out. Well, she rationalized, between that and wetting my suit…

“Lead the way, Ty Lee,” she commanded.

Ty Lee took the princess by the hand and led her down the beach, scanning the waterfront for suitable cover.

“Mmm, nope,” she said to herself. “Too small. Nah, that one’s too crowded. Hmm, maybe-”

“Will you hurry up and find somewhere that I can go?” snapped Azula.

“Hey, you don’t want to be seen, do you?” Ty Lee asked. “I’m just trying to make sure you have privacy.”

“Very well,” sighed Azula. “But pick up the pace a little.”

Because I’m not sure how much longer I’ll last, she silently added. Indeed, she had already leaked a few more times, and the rest of her urine felt like it would follow suit at any minute.

Finally, the two came to a section of the beach that was largely deserted and covered with large rocks.

“Here we go!” Ty Lee announced. “You can pee behind that big rock there! I’ll keep watch.”

“Fine,” said Azula, still not happy about the situation. Regardless, she moved behind the boulder and squatted in the shallow water. Azula pulled the bottom part of her swimsuit down to her ankles and relaxed her bladder. A golden stream began to flow from her, striking the water below her with a gentle splashing sound. She closed her eyes and sighed in relief as she peed, embarrassed by how good it felt.

Then, to her confusion, Azula heard a tinkling sound beside her, similar to the one she was currently making. She opened her eyes and turned her head to see Ty Lee beside her, humming to herself, squatting and peeing without a care.

“What do you think you’re doing?” shrieked Azula. She stood up in surprise, causing the last of her urine to run down her legs. Furious, Azula quickly pulled her swimsuit back up to cover herself. “You were supposed to keep watch!”

“Hm?” said Ty Lee, still mid-pee. “Oh, I was keeping watch! Then I saw there was nobody coming, and hearing you made me have to go too, so…” She trailed off at the look of anger on Azula’s face. “Hey, nobody saw us!” Ty Lee pointed out. She finished relieving herself and stood up to join the princess.

“I suppose,” huffed Azula. “If anybody had, rest assured you would be banished.”

“Hey,” said Ty Lee perkily, “you know what?”

“What?” asked Azula.

“We’re pee buddies now!” Ty Lee cheered. “Come get me if you ever need to go!”

“Ty Lee,” said Azula icily, “if you ever call us ‘pee buddies’ again, I will incinerate you.”

“Sorry!” squeaked Ty Lee. The two Fire Nation girls turned to head back to the main area of the beach.

*003*2020-11-19 04:20

{{On 11/14/2020 at 11:10 AM, Ms. Tito said:

3/10 not enough Azula abusing children or awkwardly flirting with guys.

(I'm kidding this was well written.)

}}

If I ever do a sequel, rest assured I will include child abuse.

