Undertale omorashi edition

Author: Peainthepod30

*000*2022-07-14 20:04

To start I would like to say 2 things

1: I do NOT own Undertale it is owned by toby fox.

2: I know frisk is the ambiguous gender but for this I'll treat frisk as a female.

We all know how the beginning on Undertale goes right? Well if you don't just play Undertale ig.

Well anyways after frisk lands on the conveniently placed flower bed she walks forward and meets flowey. But before she talks to him she notices something. Her bladder is building pressure.

Flowey: howdy! I'm flowey. Flowey the flower.

Frisk attempts to walk past flowey but is put into battle instead.

Flowey: you see this heart? It's your soul

Frisk attempts to punch flowey

Flowey: stop interrupting what I'm trying to say!

Frisk begins holding her crotch with one of her hands.

Flowey: you see these pellets they are pellets of love! Collect some.

Frisk doesn't collect any of the pellets. All she knows is that she needs to pee. And she doesn't wanna pee on herself.

Flowey: hey buddy. I think you forgot to collect the pellets.

Frisk didn't listen because she was focusing on holding back her pee.

Flowey notices frisk squirming and holding her crotch.

Flowey: I think she needs to go.

Toriel blasts flowey with a magic ball of doom.

Toriel: What a terrible creature, torturing such a poor, innocent youth.

Frisk didn't even see toriel until she came to her.

Toriel: why squirm young one?

Frisk didn't answer she just took toriel's hand and followed her throughout the ruins. Until she muttered the courage to ask where she could find a bathroom.

Frisk: where is the toilet around here?

Toriel looks at frisk confused.

Toriel: who or what is a toilet?

Oh god oh fuck they don't have toilets here??

Toriel: please explain this to me.

Frisk: where is the bathroom?

Toriel: ahh you are wishing to take a bath. You will have to wait until we reach my home.

Frisk didn't want to relieve herself in a bathtub.

After what felt like forever they made it toriel's house

Frisk's bladder was whining and shaking so much.

Toriel: my child. The bathroom is over at the end of the hall.

Frisk felt too determined to resort to peeing in a bath.

To distract herself she looked through toriel's book collection.

What's this? A guide to humans.

Frisk: maybe this will help.

Frisk hands the book to toriel.

Toriel: what's this? Oh. It's a book of mine.

Frisk couldn't help but sit next to toriel while she read. She squirmed and bit her lip.

Toriel: what's this urination thing? I can't wrap my head around it.

Frisk: OH. MY. GOD. Read the book!

Toriel: hmm.. it says here humans may squirm which is a sign of needing to pee. That's a fun fact.

Frisk: I'll be right back.

Frisk ran outside and found a private spot. She pulled down her panties but not her skirt and started peeing.

Until a froggit found her.

Frisk: don't you do it... No... No...

But thankfully she was able to pee with out the froggit interrupting.

Frisk: oh sweet relief.

Frisk puts her panties back on.

Frisk found her way back into toriel's home.

Toriel: I finally figured out this urination thing.

Frisk still didn't know why monsters didn't have or need a toilet.

Toriel: oh and by the way my child you have your own room right there.

Frisk: I'm actually gonna take a bath. I think I need it. But I will need new clothes. Do you have any?

Toriel: yes my child. I have a green and cream striped sweater and some grey shorts. Many of these to be exact.

Frisk goes into the bathroom turns on the water gets undressed and hops onto the water.

Toriel drops the clothes outside the door.

Part 2?

*003*2022-07-23 05:09

{{On 7/19/2022 at 5:00 AM, abowlightning said:

Nice beginning, i hope you write part 2

}}

Thanks man. I don't have a whole lot of experience writing stories. I normally just draw them.

*004*2022-07-23 06:20

PART 2:

After frisk was done in the bath she got dressed and felt as if these clothes had belonged to someone she knew. She shook it off and headed to her bed.

Toriel: ah! My child. Before you sleep would you like some pie?

Frisk: erm... Maybe not?

Toriel: I will respect your wishes.

Frisk goes in her room and lies on her bed. Once she does she slowly drifts off to sleep.

Toriel: I fear they may want to return "home" but this child may not. After all they are much different. It's fine I'll wait until they ask to destroy it.

Toriel falls asleep on a chair and just like that. The day has passed.

Frisk wakes up with an ungodly need to pee.

Frisk: I'll be right back!

Toriel: ahh, ok my child. Do not get hurt!

Frisk walks out the door and goes back to the same private spot as last time.

Frisk: this spot will do.

Frisk takes off her shorts and panties. She pops a squat and begins to let out her stream of piss. After she's done she puts her shorts and panties back on.

Frisk: ahh... All better now.

Frisk walks back into toriel's home.

Frisk: soo uhh... How do I leave?

Toriel: it's what I have feared.

Toriel walks downstairs with frisk following her closely behind.

Frisk: is this it?

Frisk is put into battle with toriel.

Mercy: spare.

Toriel: ...

Mercy: spare.

Toriel: .... ....

Mercy: spare.

Toriel: .... .... ....

Mercy: spare.

Toriel: ...?

Mercy: spare.

Toriel: what are you doing?

Mercy: spare.

Toriel: attack or flee child!

Mercy: spare.

Toriel: you aren't providing anything this way!

Mercy: spare.

Toriel: FIGHT OR LEAVE.

Mercy: spare.

Toriel: stop it.

Mercy: spare.

Toriel hugs frisk as she realizes frisk does not want to hurt her. (Yes I realize, you have to spare toriel 25 times for this to happen but idc)

Toriel: you have been a good child. I will let you leave. But do not return. I will be happy if you do. But I wouldn't recommend it.

Frisk looks back as she leaves with a tear in her eye. As she enters snowdin.

As frisk is walking the path she is interrupted by sans.

Sans: heya pal. Turn around and greet me.

Frisk: who's there?

Frisk turns to see sans. She then proceeds to shaker his hand.

Pfffttt....

Sans: heh. The ol' whoopee cushion in the hand trick. It's ALWAYS funny.

Frisk: I'll admit It was funny.

Sans: anyhow. You can walk through there. The bars are too wide.

Frisk and sans walk through.

Sans: also, my brother made this. To trap humans. But he's stupid so he messed up.

Frisk: maybe him seeing me will make him happy.

Sans: not a bad idea.

Sans points in the direction of a lamp.

Sans: hide there.

Frisk: alright.

It was at this moment frisk was feeling really thirsty.

Papyrus walks in.

Papyrus: sans!

Sans: ye?

Papyrus: any humans yet?

Sans: nope.

Papyrus: you know. I swear there wasn't some random green paint on that yesterday but oh well...

Papyrus walks off.

Sans: alright kid you can come out.

Frisk walks out.

Frisk: I'm thirsty you know where I can get a drink?

Sans: grillbys. It's pretty far ahead. But they got some good drinks. If only I could drink em.

Frisk: oh well.

I have decided to save time on the puzzles up ahead and skip them. Your welcome ig.

Sans: here it is. Grillbys.

Frisk: huh. I thought this place would be bigger.

They walk in and order some drinks.

Sans: so. Kid. What's it like on the surface?

Frisk: oh its uhh... Cool?

Frisk begins to chug the drink she got

Sans: wow. You must enjoy that drink.

Frisk: no. It tastes like ass. But my throat isn't dry and I'm not thirsty.

Sans: oh ok.

Part 3?

