Autumn Adventure

Author: purplemoose

*000*2018-05-02 21:35

The warmth of the sun leaks through the treetops as the branches wave hello, and the fallen dried autumn leaves tumble across the ground. While catching my breath, Adam walks ahead, searching for salamanders.

Adam asks, “Are you coming?”

I reply, “Yeah.”

My feet drag across the stoned path slowly. Staring at the back of Adam, I am hoping he won’t notice how far away we are from each other, but he always has tabs on me, so it’s not very long before he turns around.

“You okay?” Adam asks.

I take a deep breath and nod.

“You sure?”

“I’m sure.” I say.

“Then hurry up slowpoke.”

I giggle, which makes my situation worse.

I try to walk faster to catch up, but every single step I take I can feel the fluid bounce of the walls of my bladder when it sways back and forth. I’m regretting my decision on not peeing before we left.

“Do you know how much longer this trail is?” I ask

“Not sure, why? Are you tired?”

“No, just wondering.”

“I know you. You don’t ask random questions like that for the fun of it.” Adam says

My shoulders rise and fall in a fast motion, as my eyes dart to the side.

“Tell me.” Adam says

I so want to tell him so we can cut our walk short, but every time I try to open my mouth and say something, my heart races, I become short of breath, I can feel the blood rush to my face, and it’s like I lost my voice. I don’t understand my anxiety over something so silly. I know it’s irrational. My feelings about it though dictate over my brain.

“Really, I’m fine.” I say, as I smile.

Adam just turns back around and starts walking again. My hands quickly shove their way between my legs as I lean forward. It feels as if I’m slowly losing my strength to hold my bladder shut.

Adam glances over his shoulder and I quickly compose myself upright with my arms to the side.

“Nope, something is wrong. I’m not letting it go this time.” Adam says

I think to myself, “thanks, a great choice of words, ‘letting it go,’ not!” I can’t help but shift my weight from one leg to the other. I can’t even look you in the eyes.

“Do you need to go to the bathroom?” Adam asks.

I nod, my eyes focused on the ground.

“I don’t know why you can’t tell me and decide to suffer in silence.” Adam says.

“I don’t know.”

“Well, let’s try to find the quickest way out of here I guess.” Adam says.

I can’t focus on anything else besides how tremendously bad I have to go. I feel stupid and mad at myself for not saying anything. My bladder can’t take it anymore as urine starts dripping down my leg slowly. The flow becomes more forceful and soaks my jeans. It almost sounds like rain hitting the ground, and Adam turns to the noise. I have my face buried in my hands. Adam runs over to comfort me, as he kisses my head and strokes my hair. Tears start flowing down my face.

“It’s okay my love” Adam says.

It feels like forever for my bladder to empty, but Adam is still standing there with me telling me it’s okay.

It was probably two or three minutes until nothing was left to void.

“Hey, look at me,” Adam says soft and gently.

Adam slides my hands away from my face and wipe away my tears.

“If it makes you feel any better, I kinda got turned on.” Adam confesses.

A small bud of a smile forms to my blotched face.

“Come on, let’s go.” Adam says.

“Actually, do you mind if I take a leak?” Adam asks.

I can feel this weird shiver throughout my body that can only be felt, not seen. I shake me head.

“Go ahead.” I say.

“Sorry, I’ve had to go to, I just knew it wouldn’t be fair if I got to go and you didn’t” Adam says.

“I understand. Thanks for thinking of me.” I say.

Adam runs off to find a spot as I just stand there embarrassed, wet, and a little turned on that he had to pee too.

