PeeCember 2022: Part 5

Author: PPP

*000*2023-01-10 04:17

&&

I do have a couple more planned after this, but they'll be a little while as I'm leaving for vacation.

###

Day 17: Adding omo to a canon scene Lady (Devil May Cry 5)

###

Nicoletta Goldstein drummed her fingers on the dashboard of her van. As the official gunsmith for an entire group of Devil Hunters, her life was rarely dull. This was one of the exceptions. Her partner Nero had gone to fight off the giant demon Gilgamesh, and she had been left to look after one of the other Hunters: the stylish slayer known only as Lady. Nero had rescued her from inside a demon, and she was now slumbering on the couch in the back of the van, wearing only a thin bed sheet.

“C’mon, wake up already,” Nico muttered. “It’s been hours!” She took another drag of her cigarette and flicked away the ash. It had almost entirely burned away by the time she heard something move behind her.

“Dante…”

“Lady?” Nico turned and sure enough, her charge was beginning to stir. “Hold still,” said Nico, rushing over to the couch, where Lady was groggily opening her eyes.

“Where’s… Dante?” she groaned.

“Don’t worry,” Nico reassured her, “Nero’s on the job. He’ll have Dante and Trish back before you know it!”

“Nico…I need…”

“You just take it easy, you hear?” said Nico. “You need something to eat? Maybe some, uh, clothes?”

“I… need to pee.”

“Oh,” said Nico, feeling herself blush. “Yeah, that makes sense. You’ve been asleep for so long, no wonder you gotta go.”

“Help me up,” said Lady, extending an arm.

“I would,” Nico replied, “but the toilet on this van’s, ah, under repairs. But I’m sure we could find a bathroom- woah, what are you doing?”

It looked like it had taken some effort, but Lady had stood up, letting the sheet drop to the floor. Nico blushed even harder at the sight of her nude body and quickly turned away.

“Watch my back for me, will you?” Lady asked.

###

Damn, thought Lady, I’m about to burst!

She staggered her way to the van’s door, opened it and squatted on the ground behind it, hopefully concealing her from view. Her bladder couldn’t wait any longer and as there was no clothing in the way, it eagerly began releasing its contents with a loud gushing sound. Lady closed her eyes and let out a moan of relief as she sprayed the ground with the force of a fire hose. The golden puddle between her legs grew at an astounding rate, so much so that Lady had to widen her squat to avoid peeing on her toes. She was starting to wonder if she would ever be empty when she finally felt the pressure behind her stream begin to die down. It was still quite some time before it stopped completely, however.

Much better, Lady thought, staring at the massive pool in front of her. I can’t believe I was holding in that much!

Her business completed, Lady returned to the van, only to find that Nico was nowhere to be seen.

“Nico?” Lady called. Then she heard something moving outside of the passenger door. She opened it and was greeted by the sight of Nico faced away from her and squatting, ass out. What she was doing would have been obvious even without the gentle hissing sound coming from beneath her.

“Ahh!” Nico turned at the sound of the door opening. She stood and yanked her shorts back up in a hurry. “Shit,” she grumbled, “last few drops went into my pants.”

“Sorry,” said Lady, “I just didn’t know where you were.”

“It’s okay, it’s okay,” Nico told her. “It’s just that I heard you taking a leak and it made me have to go too.” She blushed again. “So, uh, how much did you see?”

“Less than you’re seeing of me right now,” Lady replied. “I’ll take you up on the offer of clothes now.”

“Sure thing,” said Nico. “I got some spare outfits in the back.” She chuckled. “I’m just glad we were able to take care of things before the boys came back!”

