Hot Soccer Player Pisses Himself

Author: P.P. King

*000*2022-04-03 17:33

Hello everyone. As promised, here's my first story. A few introductory words: It is set in northern Italy in a fictional town called Bresmona. As a result of the Decorum Act, public urination is now a much worse offense than it used to be. The local mayor has just created the Decorum Patrol, a private police force with the objective of keeping the streets of Bresmona clean and safe.

The story centers around a group of high school boys who recently turned 18 and play soccer in a local team, and their social lives.

In this first part you'll get to know Luca, his friend Alex and the girls Gloria and Laura. It's a Saturday night near the end of May, and The boys are going to a party at Cascina 99, a local discotheque. It is the place to be on a Saturday night, and the girls are waiting for them inside. Alex and Luca have loaded up on booze in order to get to the party with the right kind of buzz.

This story contains vulgar language and swear words, because I have tried to make the characters sound realistic. I apologize for the inevitable misspellings and mistakes.

This is it. I hope you enjoy it!

1. "A NIGHT TO REMEMBER"

"Ohh yes!" He moaned in relief as a super powerful jet of beer piss came pouring down on the dirt in front of him. His legs spread apart like a good boy, so as to keep his piss from splashing back on his brand new shoes. They were in complete darkness, almost.

"Dude, where THE FUCK are you? I can't see shit in here"

Luca hissed frustratingly at his friend Alex as he tried to find a way through the trees. They'd loaded up on booze and had been drinking the whole night. They wanted to make sure they'd arrive at the party with the right kind of buzz. Which means now both had to piss like a racehorse.

"Fuck you man, you're already pissing! You could've waited for me a second. Holy shit I'm fucking pissing myself here."

"Ohh yes. Fuck!" Alex ignored his friend's comment, still moaning in relief, his jet still going strong.

"Did we really need to hide this far for a fucking piss?" Asked Luca as he got ready to finally relieve himself

"It's the fucking Decorum Patrol" replied Alex "you get caught pissing in public and you get a pretty fucking hefty fine." His stream finally died down. "I don't know about you man, but I got some money in my pocket and last thing I want to do with it is give it to them fucking Decorum faggots." He put his dick back in and zipped up. At his feet, a piss lake replaced the previously dry soil.

"Come on, let's go. What? You still gotta piss? Hurry up!"

"Look who's talking! You took your sweet time to piss and now you're telling me to hurry up."

Luca had just unzipped when suddenly a man's voice broke out: "HEY!"

"FUCK!" Luca immediately zipped back up. A flashlight was trying to locate the boys' position among the trees. "Come over here right now. You too."

Alex and Luca sheepishly emerged from the trees. A man not much older than them, probably in his mid twenties, was standing still with a flashlight in his hands. Dressed in a black uniform, black cargo pants, on the tight side. On his chest, "Decorum Patrol" written in a yellow font that looked kinda cheesy for a police force.

"What are you guys doing?"

"We were trying to see what was there behind those trees." Alex came up with the lamest excuse ever.

"There's nothing to see there. It's a big park, there's no lights and I don't want you to get hurt. Either go back to the Discotheque or get out of here."

"Yes sir."

"Come on. Move."

So they walked the trail back to the Disco.

"Fucking faggots. What the hell do they care if a man takes a fucking piss?" Alex complained while casually touching his crotch from time to time. A last drop of piss had escaped into his underwear. Thank goodness he was wearing black boxer briefs. He planned on getting laid tonight.

As for Luca... He was in a much worse situation. He felt like his bladder was about to explode. His mind had been sending signals to his body that it was finally time to pee, but now the Decorum officer had thwarted his plan when he was almost starting to go.

"Yeah at least you fucking pissed. I need to go BAD."

"Oh come on quit bitching, just use the bathrooms inside." Replied Alex.

Thankfully they'd bought the tickets to the event in advance, which meant less queuing for them to do. But queuing still.

Luca made sure to stand slightly behind Alex. He crossed his legs and squeezed his dick multiple times, trying to be as discreet as possible. His desperation came in waves, and when it hit, it was almost impossible for him to stand still. He hadn't been this desperate in a long time. It suddenly reminded him of times when he pissed himself as a kid. It unlocked forgotten memories, such as that time he completely disgraced himself in 5th grade coming home from a school trip. He remembered thinking 5th grade was way too old for a kid to wet himself. Was he... Was he gonna wet himself now? At 18? Pfff. No way. He wondered why he even considered it a possibility. He was a MAN. A man with a pretty hot chick waiting inside for him. What the hell was he doing thinking about pants pissing and 5th grade? Fuck that!

The line quickly dissolved. They showed their tickets to the bouncer and entered.

___

The building was packed with young and gorgeous human beings of both sexes. The air was hot and hormones filled the room. Everybody was dancing, or trying to dance, or trying to impress the person they wanted to bang. Each body oozing sexual energy. Each mind dominated by transgression.

Loud music and strobe lights overwhelmed the senses. "I need to go find Laura. She's waiting for me by the fake palm trees. Meet me at the counter later. Remember we got a free drink with the ticket!" And with that, Alex disappeared into the crowd.

Now that Luca was alone, he couldn't help holding himself even more blatantly. "FUCK I need a piss" he thought. "I need to find a bathroom asap."

It wasn't his first time here, but it was his first time needing to use the bathroom facilities. He knew it was easier said than done. There would always be a pretty long line at both the men's and the women's. Alcohol knows no genders, and two bathrooms weren't enough to deal with this many young adults and their full bladders.

He made his way into the crowd to reach the men's bathroom. With each step he felt his bulging bladder hit against his belt. He tried to walk somewhat normally, but it was difficult. All that beer wanted out. NOW.

Thankfully the darkness made it easier for him to go unnoticed.

He distractedly bumped into a pretty heavy guy: "hey man, what's your fucking problem? You got a problem with me?"

"Fuck – hey I'm sorry man"

The guy squared him up for a second, then let him go: "Fuck you. Get the fuck out of here."

Luca proceeded in the direction of the bathroom and didn't look back. This confrontation had increased his need to piss even more. He was young, athletic and had a pretty big sense of pride. Normally he wouldn't let random people talk shit to him. He thought he could put up a fight. But not tonight. He was about to piss himself. Ain't nobody ever won a fight by pissing himself. he would have disgraced himself in front of a total strang—oh shut the fuck up! He shushed himself in his thoughts. "Nobody pisses his pants at 18. It's ridiculous."

And the bathroom situation was just what he expected. A long line of boys waiting to empty their bladders.

His need had escalated even more. Suddenly He felt a sharp pang of desperation travel through his bladder, from his bladder to the shaft, and from the shaft to the tip of his manhood. "Oh shit shit SHIT –"

All good. He was back in control of his bladder. "That was close" he thought.

"Heyyy!" He heard a female voice rise up from the noise.

He turned around and there she was. Gloria, the reason he came here tonight. The short but voluptuous brunette he'd been trying to bang for almost a month. "Heeyy! Where have you been? Laura, Alex and I have been waiting for you by the counter. Come on, let's go get something to drink!"

"Fuck" he thought to himself. What now? Should he tell his date he was about to piss himself? Not a great move. And even if he did, he would still have to wait at least another 15 minutes here in front of this fucking bathroom. The line was moving pretty slow. Fuck! He knew it. He should have pissed before coming here. He was so fucking close if it hadn't been for that stupid Decorum motherfucker.

He didn't say anything, just put on a fake smile while Gloria grabbed his veiny hand and dragged him away.

"I love your shirt" she had to shout to make herself heard while they crossed the dancefloor to get to the bar. "and this... is this One Million? Mmm it's my favorite perfume "

Luca was glad to know it. Only... He just hoped One Million wasn't going to turn into One Piss.

They got to the counter where Alex and Laura were waiting for them. "Finally! Dude Where the hell have you been?"

"Just... I was... Looking... Tryna... Whatever, nevermind" Luca was trying as hard as he could to not show weakness, but his confused reply and body language gave it away. Alex remembered his friend hadn't been able to pee earlier on. He put two and two together. Luca was still bursting for a piss.

"FOUR MOJITOS" Alex shouted to the bartender.

"Shit" Luca thought to himself. He liked mojito alright. But he sure was not in the mood for any liquid right now. Let alone a fucking mojito.

"There you go guys" the waiter placed four ice cold mojitos on the counter, a black plastic straw sticking out from each one.

As soon as Luca picked up the glass, the coldness of it travelled though his veins all the way to his bladder. It was like having a little spirit poke his bladder with a needle.

He instantly crossed his legs hard, trying to squeeze his bulge with his inner thighs as hard as he could.

"Anything wrong?" Gloria asked him. She couldn't keep her eyes off of him. So pretty, so handsome. A white, very elegant Ralph Lauren shirt. A nice complementing pair of jeans. Brand new sneakers, whiter than snow. And underneath... A glorious body shaped by the soccer gods. WHAT A MAN!

"Nothing" he replied. "It's the drink... Wow, it's pretty cold"

"Yeah, no shit it's cold" he immediately thought to himself "it's full of ice, it's a mojito, what the hell did you expect?? Fuck, I need to FUCKING PISS!!! I can't even think straight. Fuck!"

Laura whispered something in Gloria's ears, and Luca immediately took advantage of the situation sneaking a hand in his pocket and giving his dick a big squeeze while Gloria wasn't looking. He tried to look over the dancefloor in the direction of the bathroom. Yep. Hard to see from here, but there's definitely still some people waiting outside.

"Hey... Let's go dancing!" Gloria and Laura were desperate to get on the dancefloor with their new boyfriends. The loud music, the chaos, the flickering lights, the smoke, the strobo... What better way to get intimate with them.

Luca was also desperate... but a different kind of desperate.

Gloria briefly caressed her womanhood. She was definitely not dry down there.

"Yeah! Let's go!" And so the girls dragged their boyfriends on to the dancefloor.

The DJ had just put on a new song. A remixed version of the 1990s hit "What is love" now filled the room. Alex and Laura disappeared into the crowd.

Gloria put her arms around Luca's neck. The strobo lights made it look like a sequence of still shots. Her eyes and smile had LOVE written all over them. She pushed her womanhood close to Luca's bulge and gave him a passionate kiss.

Luca was not enjoying it as he should. His dick was limp and unresponsive. His mind was focussed on one thing. I NEED TO PISS.

They fiercely made out. She kissed him on his lips, then french kissed, then she kissed him on his neck leaving him a lipstick-tinted love bite. She was the one taking the initiative. He felt like a ragdoll.

The music got quieter. Everyone was singing along to the lyrics:

"What is love? Baby don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no more...

No more

No more

No more

More

More more more more

More more more more

MoMoMoMo

MoMoMoMo

MOMOMOMOMOMOMOMO –"

As the DJ was ready to drop the beat, it happened.

Luca felt a shiver in his bladder and down his spine. A warm sensation in his boxer briefs. His mind had yet to register what was happening.

Gloria was standing still in front of him, smiling and looking him in the eyes, her arms still around his neck, when a powerful jet of piss erupted from his member, washing his scrotum, licking his butthole and quickly saturating his underwear with piss. Then flowed down both of his legs with great force, drenching both the front and the back of his jeans. It was a flood. The piss rapidly got to his socks and pooled inside his shoes. A steady trickle of piss flowed from his left cuff down to the floor, creating a big puddle of piss.

He was pissing himself. At 18. In front of his girlfriend.

He tried to stop the flow, but his contractions only made the piss flow out of his cock even faster. There was no stopping this.

The beat dropped, and Luca was still pissing. After three or four bladder spasms, which sent an additional load of piss down his pants, he was finally finished.

He wiggled his toes and they were in a pool of piss. Touched his crotch with his left hand – soaked. He moved his hand back where his butthole is – soaked. The inside of his legs – soaked.

He had just pissed himself. Period.

His mind was going a 100 miles an hour. Now relief, now embarrassment, now relief, now WHAT THE FUCK AM I GONNA DO NOW?"

And that was just the beginning. Gloria felt something weird under her feet. She removed her arms from Luca's neck and looked down.

"What... Yeeeww... What the hell... Why's the floor all wet all of a sudden?"

___

END OF PART 1

Let me know what you think! Keep following this thread for more! New parts will be posted down here in the comments.

