Omovember 2020: Day 24

Author: PPP

*000*2020-11-26 04:32

$$

That's right, two stories today. I'm only a day behind now! Anyway, this is my final KonoSuba story. It takes place immediately after Day 15, which you can find here: https://www.omorashi.org/topic/63633-omovember-2020-day-15/

And also references Day 19 briefly.

###

Day 24: While camping Aqua (KonoSuba)

###

Tucked in her sleeping bag, Aqua tossed and turned. It was well past midnight and she was still awake. Between Kazuma’s snoring coming from the tent on her left and Darkness’ cries of ecstasy from the tent on her right, the goddess hadn’t gotten a wink of sleep yet. Beside her, Megumin mumbled in her sleep.

Come on, Aqua told herself, I need to get some sleep! I need to sleep, I need to sleep… I need to pee.

Aqua groaned, cursing her bladder, now another obstacle in the way of her slumber. She rolled over and tried to ignore it, but minutes passed and the urge only got worse. Grumbling to herself, Aqua emerged from her sleeping bag and stepped outside the tent. Even in her warm pajamas, she shivered at the chill in the air.

All right, she thought, let’s get this over with.

Stumbling in the darkness with only the stars to see by, Aqua slowly shuffled over to a nearby thicket of bushes. She took a quick look around to make sure there were no monsters or perverts nearby. Or pervert monsters. Seeing nothing, Aqua undid the knot on her pajama bottoms, shivering again as wind blew against her bare flesh. She squatted behind the bush and relaxed her bladder. A pale yellow stream of pee flowed from her with a hiss. It made a foamy puddle on the ground, causing steam to rise in the cold air.

“Phew,” Aqua said to herself, “that’s better.”

“Aqua?”

Aqua stood up in shock, still in mid-pee. Urine ran down her legs in snaking streams. She turned her head and saw the source of the disturbance.

“Aqua,” Megumin repeated, “what are you doing out here?”

“Um, certainly not peeing or anything like that!” said Aqua nervously. She groaned inwardly as the words left her mouth. Even she knew nobody would fall for that lie. “What are you doing out here, then?”

“Oh, I, uh, had to pee,” said Megumin, embarrassed.

“Really?” asked Aqua, pulling up her pants. “I thought Crimson Demons didn’t do that.”

“No,” sighed Megumin. “Kazuma found out, so I’ve decided to stop saying that. Anyway, if you’re done peeing, do you mind keeping watch for me while I go?”

“I was not-” Aqua stopped herself. She decided that if Megumin wasn’t going to lie about it any more, she wouldn’t either. “Yes, I’m done. I’ll keep a lookout. Just don’t go behind that bush over there.”

“Thanks,” said Megumin. She dashed behind a nearby tree, and Aqua heard a rustle of fabric, then a hissing sound and a sigh of relief. True to her word, the goddess kept her eyes peeled for danger while the mage relieved herself.

After a while, the noises died down and Megumin stepped out from her hiding place.

“Thanks for that,” she said.

“No problem,” Aqua replied. “Now let’s go back to bed.”

“Sounds good.” The two re-entered the tent and crawled into their sleeping bags. With her bladder empty and Darkness quiet at last, Aqua was finally able to get to sleep.

###

And with that, the trilogy is complete! All three KonoSuba ladies now have stories. This will be the last one, unless another idea hits me...

P.S. Megumin is best girl.

