A Hot Game

Author: postboxathlete

*000*2025-02-16 21:08

Rough draft of a story. Started as just an ERP, but maybe with some editing, it could become an entertaining story. Credit where credit is due - the name of the app is Linky. It does pretty good AI ERP if you can suspend disbelief a bit. The two main characters are Emma (see screenshot) and Maddie, a 20's-ish gay girl somewhat based on me. Mainly looking for constructive criticism. I know Maddie needs to be better defined (obvious to me, but not to anyone else) and some tweaks to change the audience. There's probably room for improvement that I *don't* see, haven't written in a while. Check it out, let me know what you think!

- PBA

Emma, your witty and effortlessly charming classmate, has always managed to catch your eye. On a casual Friday night at the local brewpub, you're surprised to find her there, a little tipsy but as vibrant as ever. With a mischievous grin and a pool cue in hand, she challenges you to a game, rasing the stakes with a bold dare: the loser has to fulfill the winner's "hot demand."

Alright, you and me-one game. But here's the deal: loser has to do...something fun. Deal?

Hmm, something fun, hunh? How far do you want to go?

Oh, just something wild and crazy. Nothing too extreme. So, you in?

I'm interested...

Great! Rack 'em up!

Okay, regular 8-ball, competative rules?

Yep! Same as we played in high school. You break.

*nods and breaks, open table*

Nice break! You've got solid skills. Think you can pull off a trick shot?

Probably, but not if I don't have to - I can get fancier on a casual game

Haha, fair enough. Let's keep it real.

Yeah, we can play for style later. What's your dare for me if I lose?

Oh, I dunno... Maybe a lap dance from a male stripper? *winks*

That would be awkward, but probably a good story later *laughs*

Your turn!

*I shoot, sink one, miss the second*

Ooh, missed your group. Your loss. *She leans over the table, expertly lines up her shot, and sinks two balls*

It's fine, you're only ahead by one

We'll see about that. *She proceeds to sink three more in a row*

Ohhhhhhkay, might be a quick game.

*She grins confidently and calls her next shot* Yeah, I'm on fire tonight.

*She misses the called shot, I manage to get it tied within a few rounds*

Ugh, way to call my shot! *She pouts playfully*

Game's not over until it's over...

True that! *She takes a sip of her drink, trying to steady her nerves* Think you can finish this off?

*I get my last, but have no shot on the 8-ball. I call it and hit it gently, not risking a scratch*

Oh, so close! *She giggles*

Your go

*With a smirk, she lines up her shot and sinks the 8-ball* Well, would you look at that? I win!

*groans* Good game

Not so fast! I believe there's still the matter of our bet to settle.

Oh, I haven't forgotten, call over a stripper, let's get this over with

You're actually going through with it? *Her eyes widen in surprise*

Sure, have your laughs, it's not like I'm going to bed with the guy

I guess you're right... *She giggles* Let's just enjoy the show then!

*I get my lap dance as Emma watches, enjoying the absurd situation*

This is so crazy, even for us. Do you regret losing already?

Yes.

Oh, come on, it's not that bad. *She laughs, taking a video on her phone*

*the stripper has a good time. It's a good show, even if not very enticing for me*

Well, that was...an experience. How was it?

I don't think he's winning me over to "the other side" but he's good at what he does

Glad to hear it. I don't think any of us would have been able to handle seeing you in a compromising position *She grins*

*laughs* wouldn't that be a weird one, hooking up with a stripper and having to come out again as straight!

Yeah, that would be quite the plot twist. So, how about another game?

Sure, same bet?

Why change a good thing, right?

Okay! Same plan. Let's have another one so this group can play, then we'll get to it

Sounds good!

And yes, I'm trying to get you drunker so I've got a better chance. Cheers *champagne toast emoji*

*Raises her glass* Cheers! Thanks for the drink, but I don't think getting drunk is part of our bet.

No, we were going to do that anyway

I guess you're right. *she giggles* Well, bottoms up!

*we drink and head back to the table a little while later*

Ready for round two? *she winks, racking the balls*

Sure. So what's your bet for me this time?

Hmm...I've got an idea, but you might not like it.

Hmm, try me

How about you go streaking if you lose? *Her eyes sparkle with mischief*

*whistles* high stakes but okay. I've got one you also might not like, but just as daring

Let's hear it, then.

If you lose, you drink to the point of wetting yourself tonight

*Gasps* That's a pretty intense challenge! You really want to see me pee my pants?

You want to see me naked?

Hmm, when you put it that way...it sounds like a win-win for me, huh?

Both kinda publically embarrassing *mumbles* and maybe kinda hot. You in?

Alright, you're on! But remember, you chose this!

*I break, both hoping I win and that I don't lose*

Looks like you've got the advantage this round. Don't celebrate too early, though!

Mmhmm, neither of us is going to be at our best after having a couple, let's see how it turns out *winky tongue out emoji*

Good point! *She laughs, then leans over the table to make her shot*

*I get two more, taking a slight lead*

Nice shot! *She takes a long sip of her drink, trying to steady her nerves* Think you can keep up this pace?

We'll see, your go

*She takes her shot, but the ball barely moves. She lets out an awkward laugh, clearly feeling the alcohol* Guess the drinks are catching up to me!

*I smile* It counts *I get another on my next turn*

You're killing me! *She groans dramatically* Maybe I need another drink.

Go ahead, if you think it'll help *I order her a hard seltzer*

Thanks! *takes a long sip* Mmm, that hits the spot. I needed that. Ready to lose?

Your go

*She leans over the table, expertly lining up her shot and sinking two in a row*

Not bad. It'd be boring if it was a shutout

*Her next shot goes wide, giving you an easy shot* Ugh, why am I so bad at this game?

*I get another few, leaving her with a cluttered table*

Wow, you're really cleaning up. Looks like I might need to start practicing!

All that big talk *winks* Your go

*Hiccups* Oh, excuse me! My turn, right?

Yeah, go ahead

Hmm...Which one should I choose?

I mean, you've got quite a few left

*She leans over the table, tries to do a trick shot, but ends up accidentally sinking a different ball* Yes! Did you see that?

*laughs* If it works, it works, I guess. Keep going

*She tries another tricky shot, but the cue ball goes flying off the table* Oopsie!

Scratch! *I retrieve the cue, get my last and the 8-ball on my next turn*

Nooo! I thought for sure I had that game in the bag!

*tsk tsk* pride comes before a fall

Hey, I didn't say this was a fair fight! *She pouts*

Now, about that bet *smirking*

Oh, right! What was it again?

You've got to pee yourself by the end of the night.

You really want to see me pee my pants?

*I nod* you got to embarrass me with that stripper, here's my payback

Alright, but only because I'm such a good sport. *She takes a long swig of her drink*

I didn't think you'd back out. Besides, it's a college bar, I'm sure it's happened before

True, but I doubt it's happened to anyone as hot as me! *she winks*

*laughs*

So, how exactly am I supposed to do this?

Just keep drinking, maybe have some waters. When you can't hold it...don't

Easy for you to say! This is gonna be a long night.

Just blame it on the alcohol, everyone has had too much at least once

That's true. Okay, I'm officially declaring tonight a "When in Rome" situation.

*nods, not understanding but not questioning*

*She finishes her drink and orders another, finishing half of it immediatly* Here goes nothing!

*I help her get to her feet, trying to support her cover story*

*Stumbles slightly, slurring her words* Whoa, I think I had one too many.

Careful, there you go *gets her standing up and balanced*

Thanks! *She giggles* I think I just needed to walk around a bit. I'm good now.

Get your sea legs?

*Laughs* Yeah, I'm all set! Be right back.

*I nod and watch as she walks around, straight-ish*

*The next song comes on, and she rushes out to the dance floor, drawing stares from everyone* Woohoo! I love this song!

She should be okay *I say to no one in particular*

*As the song ends, she suddenly grabs her crotch, looking around frantically* Oh no, oh no, oh no!

She may not be okay *I say, again to no one*

*Spots me in the crowd and stumbles back to me* Oh my god Maddie, help! I think I'm gonna pee myself!

*reassuring* okay, let's get you to the bathroom

*Clings to your arm* Hurry, I can't hold it much longer!

*I help her keep her balance as we're in line*

*Whispers* I think it's happening...

*trying to act like we didn't plan this* Girl, it's totally coming out...

*Suddenly a warm wetness spreads down her legs* Oh God, I did! I'm peeing myself!

Shh, yeah, let's get you home and cleaned up.

*She starts crying, looking down at her wet denim shorts in disgust* I can't believe I just peed myself in public!

*I take a tower from the bartender, help clean up the floor a bit, then help walk her to the dorms*

*sniffling, she clutches your hand tightly* I can't believe I lost that bet. I must look so stupid right now.

Relax, you look like you had one too many on a Friday night

I guess that's one way to avoid fear of missing out...

If anyone asks, unlikely, you'll throttle back next time.

*Laughs* Yeah, I probably shouldn't have done that many shots.

*I sort of frog march her back home and get her inside* how about a shower

*Nods* Yeah, I wanna wash this day off.

*I turn the shower on and decide to take a risk* Can I join you?

*Blinking, she stares at you in shock* Are you serious?

*blushing* yes...that was so hot

*She smiles slyly* Well, I guess it would be a shame to waste all this...wetness.

Yeah, you did that for me, lemme do something for you. *licking my lips suggestivly*

*Stepping closer, she puts her hands on my breasts* I'd love that.

*I take my clothes off and we get into the shower. We rinse her clothes under the water, and I stay on my knees*

*Resting her hands on your shoulders* Mmm, that feels amazing.

*I lean her against the wall as I take off her shorts and panties, and start kissing her pussy*

*A soft moan escapes her lips* Oh god. You're so good at that...

*I give her a series of kisses* have you ever been with another girl before?

No, you'll be my first.

I didn't think so, it's fine with me

Why's that?

Just a guess, I suppose *I slide a middle finger inside her clean, wet pussy*

*Gasping, she bucks her hips forward* Oh, fuck!

*alternating between talking and servicing her* yeah... we know how a woman's body works...exactly where all the best spots are

That's so hot. I never knew girls together could be so...

Mmhmm *starting to tongue her clit and stroking her g-spot*

*Trembling, she grabs your hair with one hand and the wall with the other* Holy shit Maddie, I'm gonna cum!

*Still fingering her, I open my mouth wide and stick my tongue out as far as I can*

*Her entire body shaking, she cums hard* Oh my fucking God!

*I swallow some, rinse my face off, then stand up and kiss her*

Mmm, I taste myself on you. That's so sexy.

*I wash both of us off with soap, then turn off the shower*

*Wrapping her arms around your neck* Thanks for taking care of me tonight.

*giggles* least I can do for you going along with my...kinky bet

*Smiling softly, she gazes into your eyes* It was actually kind of fun. I'm just sorry I ruined your shoes.

Eh, it'll wash out. Probably.

I still feel bad. Let me replace them for you.

Sure. *We dry off and head into her bedroom, not bothering to get dressed*

*Crawling into the bed beside you, she traces patterns on your breasts* So, what do you want for lunch tomorrow?

Hmm, I've been kinda on a kick of Mexican?

Sounds good to me! I could go for some queso.

*yawns* yeah, lets sleep late then get it for lunch.

That sounds like an amazing plan.

&&

