A Very Intense Roleplay Gone... Right?

Author: PeeWetBoy

*000*2022-05-21 14:29

Now at first I intended to post this in 'Omo fantasties? / My introduction' thread but it got so big that creating a new topic just for it seemed like a better idea.

So, this is easily my biggest and wildest pee fantasy, also the very first story I've written. It includes BDSM, along with humiliation, but also aftercare. I'm the sub in this, and the dom has been made as gender-neutral as possible, so that anyone could be them. Be they guy, gal, cis, trans, enby etc. Of course, everyone involved is over 18 and fully consenting to everything going on. Enjoy!

BEGIN

I am standing in front of someone while I'm wearing shorts and a tank top with childish prints, and the other person tells me to take off my shorts. I oblige, revealing a pair of equally childish briefs with dinosaur prints all over, while I blush from embarrassment. He/she is basically inspecting my underwear to make sure it's clean and I haven't done anything I shouldn't. Only problem is, I desperately need to pee, but they won't let me go until the inspection is done.

So I'm desperate, but I have no choice. I have to wait until the inspection is done. I've done a good job staying dry so far, so I'll probably make it to the bathroom without a spot. They'll definitely be proud of me! They'll probably even reward me!

So, after a while, they're done. Somehow, I've made it through without leaking a single drop. I'm even more desperate, but I'm still holding okay. They smile and start to tell me:

"You've passed, good boy. You've stayed dry and your undies are spotless! I'm proud of you, and I shall reward your good behavior by-" Oh, no! A spurt escapes just long enough to hit the floor! They instantly saw it! Right when they were praising me for staying dry! Now I have a very visible wet spot on the front! I'm mortified! I can't even stammer a response as I'm in the verge of tears. Their smile turns to a grimace.

"Pissing through your briefs on MY floor, in front of me while I praise you? Bad boy!" I'm panicking! I can't even get a whisper out before another bigger spurt escapes, barely stopping before fully bursting. I try to say "I'm so sorry!", but they're having none of it!

"That's it! Taking you to the bathroom NOW! I'm gonna punish you!" Grabbing me by the ear, they take me to the bathroom, spanking me on the way.

"Since you need to pee so much, you're gonna do just that! Then I'll punish you!" I begin to walk to the toilet to pee, just about to take my cock out of my briefs that have gotten very wet, while my tank top is mostly dry, save for a small area that overlaps my briefs.

"NO!" they yell. "You're going to sit in the bathtub in your briefs and tank top! You can also lie in it!" they say as they put the plug in the drain. I'm confused by the command, but I obey. I get in the bathtub, and proceed to sit down.

"Now piss yourself!" I stare in disbelief, but I'm so desperate, that they didn't need to say that twice. I let it flow. I get soaked. My briefs get drenched. Even my tank top is getting wet. At that moment, I don't even feel embarrassed about the fact I'm pissing all over myself and my underwear in the slightest. Just pure relief, bliss even. Best feeling ever. And it feels like forever. I keep peeing and peeing. All the fear and anxiety just melts away. I just feel relieved to let it flow freely, submitting to it with no care in the world, and letting out huge moans in the process. I end up peeing for about a minute and a half, until it eventually stops. It actually feels so nice being wet and warm. The plug keeps it all in the tub, making it easy to soak in, even though it's not that much.

"Are you done?" I get jolted to back to reality. I just peed all over myself in front of them! I liked it so much just a moment ago, but now I feel thoroughly humiliated about being soaked in my own urine, in front of someone else, no less! Though I still kinda like it... No! I can't like this! Yet I do!

"You like being wet, don't you?" they say. I blush again. I end up accepting that I do, no matter how 'wrong' it is. I nod, not saying a word, not out of fear this time, there was just no need.

"So you do. You dirty boy! Let's see how you like this!" They don't seem angry this time, though. They smirk instead. I get scared again. Just what are they gonna do now?? I have no idea, as I watch them undress from the waist down, with no shame at all in showing their full nudity. Yet for some reason, I don't wanna stop. They proceed to climb on the rim of the bathtub, basically above me. Just what..? Wait, are they-?

"If you like pee so much, you might as well get pissed on! That's your punishment!" Before I can finish that thought, they start peeing! They're peeing all over me! Yet it doesn't feel wrong. It feels great! "Catch it all! Bathe in it! I want you fully soaked!" they order. I don't even think about it. I do my best to cover every inch of my being in their urine, and I enjoy every bit of it. My tank top has finally gotten thoroughly soaked, and it's gone see-through. In fact, I'm soaked from head to toe, feeling so dirty yet so good! They eventually finish peeing.

"Now lick me clean! Unlike you, I'm not getting soaked in piss" I proceed to try to clean their genitals to the best of my ability. Until I start fully giving them head, getting very aroused myself.

"Yes, this is how you do it, good boy! Please me, and you might still be rewarded!" I'm getting praised again! But my bladder is fills rapidly again. I don't wanna stop it. I end up just letting it flow while continuing to give oral, since I'm already soaked anyway. I get even more excited about it all. So do they. They're so close. I finish them visibly swallowing the bulk of it.

"Good boy! I'm pleased. I'm going to reward you with a little surprise! But first, let's wash you off!" They remove the plug from the bathtub, letting it drain, before showering me in my pee-soaked undies first, to rinse them off, and then taking them off and washing me thoroughly. I enjoy being taken care of, as they bathe me in such a caring manner, though I can't help but wonder what that 'surprise' would be...

"Let's do something about this!" they point at my freshly cleaned, rock-hard cock while removing the rest of their clothes. It's a surprise indeed! I never expected them to want to do that!

"Come here, you're really gonna like this." they put a glove on one hand. I don't know why, but I don't ask. I comply.

"Good. Now while looking at me, bend over." I do as they say. They put my cock in their mouth, while making sure to lick it all. Feels like heaven. They really know to do oral, but it doesn't stop there. they slip a finger in my butt. I flinch for a moment, but it doesn't hurt. In fact, it feels very nice! I realize they're massaging my prostate while sucking my cock, and I feel like I might collapse from the pleasure! It doesn't take long for me to start cumming. And I cum, a LOT. It's definitely my greatest orgasm. But I realize I just shot what might have been my biggest load ever, straight in THEIR mouth. I start to panic. Oh no! They're gonna be mad. They'll probably punish me even worse! Will I end up liking that, too?

They take the finger out of my ass, and my cock out of their mouth. They show me their mouth. It really is a MASSIVE load. How did they manage to get THAT much out of me?? I stare in disbelief, as they swallow it all and give a warm smile. I can't believe it!

"I'm so-" I try to say, but they stop me.

"You've done well today. You have a lot to learn, but you've earned this." they say as they wipe the small drops of my cum off their face.

"I... have?" I ask, surprised at their praise and still dazed after my intense orgasm.

"Yes, you have. I don't give praise for no reason. Now if you could be a good boy and help wash me off, while I do the same to you?" I oblige. We bathe each other, enjoying the aftercare. We finish, drying each other off, and getting fresh underwear. They hand me another pair of my briefs, this time white with a motocross print on the front, and a blue tank top with a bicycle print. I put them on, while they put on their underwear. I let out a yawn, and they do the same. It is pretty late now, and we're both feeling sleepy.

"I think it's time to go to bed. We could both use some sleep. Don't you agree?" I nod in agreement. I could use some sleep after this whole ordeal.

"Well, come along then!" they say while heading to their bedroom. I didn't expect them to mean sleeping together, but I'm more than happy to. I go to take my shorts so that I'm not in just my undies, but they say "You can sleep in just your underwear if you're more comfortable that way. I don't mind, since that's how I sleep." I'm relieved, since I don't like having too many clothes on, especially when sleeping or exercising, and keep following.

We get in the room, we lie in the bed and it's so comfy. We snuggle together. We end up sleeping together in what might be my best sleep. I knew it was a good idea to do kinky roleplay with them after all. It was so fun, and everything feels so much more intimate now. Plus, not only they didn't mind my preference for wearing childish underwear, they fully embraced it. I think I'm in love...

THE END

Well, that was it. I don't do stories typically, but I felt inspired to write one. It is one of those I would like to be an experience rather than a fantasy, but that doesn't seem likely, for now, at least. I hope you enjoyed it, and if you see yourself being the dom in this or some other story and/or you'd like to roleplay, feel free to message me! Anyone is welcome!

Feel free to give me feedback for this as well!

