School years. A case from life

Author: peeacsfan

*000*2024-05-08 11:36

I will tell you about one incident from my life. I studied in the tenth grade Class. A friend of mine met a guy. His name was Dmitry. Soon she invited me to join their company. They gathered in the attic of the house where one of the partygoers lived. We're almost It wasn't every day that we hung out with them. There was even a tennis table, benches, The boys were singing songs with the guitar, others were playing cards. I was As they say, she was an "excellent student", she did everything lessons, and I didn't tell my parents about these meetings. Truth be told, I liked it Dima was the main reason for me to be in this company. But I'm She kept silent about it as well. For a long time, I could not understand how he felt about me. Somehow once we went to play tennis with him and after the game he touched my hand and then We kissed. You could say they started dating, although no one knew about it. My friend liked it too.

On that day I lied to her that I would stay at home, and I went on a date with Dima. We went for a walk, then he suggested play tennis. It was our first meeting in private. We only kissed But no more! Soon the other guys pulled up, and we pretended to just By chance, we were here before the others. Although it was kind of strange to sit one among the guys. Then everything happened as usual: cards, tennis, songs. Then I wanted to go to the toilet and began to get ready to go home (one of the disadvantages of hanging out at attic - lack of amenities). Dima said that he would see me off. We went to the street, and he confessed that he did not want to go back, but would rather stay with me. To me It was very nice to hear that. I agreed. We walked with each other in our arms. I don't wanted to part with him, and at the same time she was embarrassed to tell him about her Problem.

Then I She came up with the idea that I should drop by a friend's house and pick up an English textbook. We reached her house, Dima stayed downstairs waiting for me, and I, getting up, I was coming up with an excuse for my friend, about what I was doing here. No one's door I opened it, and only later I found out that my friend also wanted to deceive me, and She herself went to the attic at that time, but was late. I came back and told Dima that she was gone, and I had to go home. He hugged me again and asked me to stay with him. He promised that he would take me home. I agreed at my own risk.

Walk It was getting harder and harder, but I endured, and I still didn't dare confess. He was inspired to tell me different stories, and I was immersed in your thoughts. Or rather, in one thought that drilled into my head, and I didn't notice how we We found ourselves next to a shopping mall that had already closed. We went up the stairs to the second floor and, taking advantage of the fact that there was no one but us, Dima hugged me. Then he kissed me. I'm just I desperately wanted to go to the toilet, but I was still silent - I was afraid to spoil the romantic moment.

Then We stood in the pose of the final scene Titanic, and as soon as he put his hands on my stomach, I had to cross my legs discreetly. He began to bite my earlobe, and I thought to myself that if it went on If it goes like this, I won't be able to stand it anymore and pee, but like a fool I continued to stand silently and tolerate. I quietly removed Dima's hands from his stomach, and for some reason he interpreted mine gesture in his own way – he put them on my chest. But in those circumstances, it was better for me. It felt a little easier, but not so much that I could feel it yourself well. To tell the truth, despite all the outward atmosphere of romance, I was already so that all the white light was no longer pretty! And he was I don't know...

I reminded you about the fact that she was going home. We went downstairs and Dima went to see me off. I Gathering the remnants of her willpower, she tried to keep up the conversation and not betray her She could hardly stand it, but she continued to walk, gradually accelerating her pace.

Dear to me seemed longer than ever. The streets are too open and crowded, and I myself I felt like a small, downtrodden, miserable animal that wanted to Get to your burrow as soon as possible. I was extremely embarrassed, uncomfortable and It was embarrassing at the same time, but I was still shy and couldn't bring myself to confess to Dima. He didn't know or notice my condition either, so did I I was good at hiding my feelings. Thus we seemed to walk for an interminable long time, holding hands.

The Step by step, we approached my house. I've endured the last Strength is simple! And she could barely move her cotton legs. Gosh! How terrible it was! You just can't imagine! But the villainous fate apparently decided that And this test won't be enough for me, or someone has brought a curse by deciding Throw me another obstacle. On the way, we met a company, among which were Dima's acquaintances. 

They called out to him, and he stood with them talk. Panic was growing in my soul, and I didn't know what to do. an open street, Dima is standing next to me, talking to his friends, and I'm all like that Poor girl I stand, cowering, and I realize that I can't stand it a little longer! Trapped I look at the company like an animal and don't know what to do. And that's the damned thing Youth and shyness – I still can't say that. Stand I can't calm down anymore either, and I begin to crumple on the spot. (otherwise it would have been for sure peeed). Dima (oh my god) noticed this and asked what was wrong. And I blurted out that I'm cold and I want to go home. He put himself in my position, said goodbye to his acquaintances, and we Let's move on.

After I realized that I would not be able to endure such downtime. In front of our eyes, they were turning around Tears. But to tell Dima that I wanted to go to the toilet for a long time and would not reach home was It was too embarrassing, although I understood that if I peed, it would be just a shame! It was necessary to move away from him unnoticed, under any pretext. And I was ready to do your job anywhere already! There was simply no time to solve the dilemma! I frantically looked around and chose the nearest place! Finally, I found an arch, and exactly at that moment, my body began to give up. I I realized that soon I would just run down my legs, I told Dima that I would come right away, and She ran into the yard herself! I saw garages there, barely had time to run and – just Indescribable relief!

When returned, we continued on our way and literally in five minutes we came to my Home. Dima didn't ask anything.

And on the The next day, my friend jealously interrogated me about why I was her and what we were doing there with Dima. I didn't tell her about our Walk. But I still remember that day, and how much I wanted to be in the toilet.

