Omovember 2021: Day 27

Author: PPP

*000*2021-12-07 04:45

$$

It's here! It's late, but it's here. I had a lot of fun writing this one, but the downside was that the length kind of got away from me. Oh well.

Author's note: Throughout the fic, I refer to the bodies and the people in them with different pronouns. The idea is that they aren't comfortable in the others body, and thus wouldn't call it theirs. Not sure if that would have bothered anybody, but I figured I'd just give a heads up.

###

Day 27: Body swap Kazuma+Megumin (KonoSuba)

###

The town of Axel prided itself on being a haven for adventurers. Anything you needed, you could find within its walls: food, weapons, armor, and rare magical items. The latter were sold by a buxom lich named Wiz, who was neglecting her role in the Devil King’s army to try her hand in the retail market. It had been a mixed bag so far. Some days, Wiz could have sworn everyone in Axel paid her a visit. On others, she was lucky to see even her regular customers.

Days like today, Wiz mused, watching two of said regulars browsing her shelves.

“Kazuma, check this out!” cried Megumin. The wizard of the Crimson Demon clan pointed at a stone idol sitting on a high shelf. “Isn’t it awesome?”

“Oh, that’s a cursed statue,” Wiz explained. “It’s on sale for 50,000 Eris!”

“What? Why would I want to buy a cursed statue?” asked Kazuma, the NEET and thief in Megumin’s party.

“O-oh, right,” Wiz stammered, blushing. “You, uh, don’t buy it for yourself; you give it to your enemies as a gift.”

“Hmm. Would it work on the Devil King?” Megumin inquired.

“Sadly, no,” said Wiz. “It has no effect on the undead and/or unholy."

“Great,” muttered Kazuma. “What have you got that’s actually useful? I wanna spend my Eris from the last quest on something good.”

“Well,” said Wiz, rummaging around behind the counter, “I have this ruby ring. It lets you cast Fireball as often as you want. It only costs-”

“Fireball!” scoffed Megumin, offended. “An inferior impersonation of the mighty Explosion!” She snorted in disdain. “Next!”

“Um, I also have these Iron Boots. Put them on and you can sink-”

“No!” cried Kazuma. “Never!”

Wiz was puzzled by his outburst, but declined to comment. Sensing she was losing him, she began to get desperate.

“There’s this portable toilet!” she offered. “I’ve worked out the kinks; it’s much quieter now, I promise!”

“Hmm. That might come in handy,” said Kazuma, much to Wiz’s surprise.

“No way!” shouted Megumin. “We’re not spending money on something like that!”

“But- fine,” grumbled Kazuma. “Let’s go, Megumin. Megumin?”

The Crimson Demon wasn’t listening. She reached up and grabbed something from a shelf.

“Kazuma, check this out!” Megumin extended her hands, revealing a golden ring large enough to fit around someone’s wrist. It was covered in writing in an unknown language.

“What is it?” questioned Kazuma, moving in for a closer look. He reached for the ring, and Wiz felt a jolt of panic as she recognized the item.

“Wait, wait!” cried the lich. “Don’t-”

But it was too late. As soon as Kazuma touched the ring, a flash of white light enveloped the store. Wiz closed her eyes against the glare, and when she opened them, her two customers were sprawled on the floor.

—###

“Kazuma! Kazuma!” He heard his name being yelled, sounding like it was coming from miles away. “Kazuumaaaa! Wake up!”

Groggily, Kazuma opened his eyes.

“Yes, I’m Kazuma,” he said. But it wasn’t his voice that came out. It was Megumin’s.

“What the hell?” Kazuma screamed, suddenly wide awake. He jumped up and looked down at himself. Instead of his familiar green clothes, he was clad in Megumin’s red dress. A quick glance down the front of the shirt confirmed it: he was in Megumin’s body.

“Hey! Quit staring!” yelled Kazuma’s voice. Kazuma looked over to see his body, red-faced and shaking its fist.

“I’m so sorry!” Wiz cried. “I tried to warn you! That’s the body-switching ring,”

“Well, un-body-switch us!” snapped Megumin-in-Kazuma’s-body. “I don’t want him using my body!”

“S-sorry,” said Wiz again, “but it doesn’t work like that. The effect wears off in twelve hours.”

“Twelve hours?” cried Kazuma-in-Megumin’s-body.

“That’s right, Megumin,” said Wiz. “I mean, Kazuma. Hang on, this is getting confusing.” The lich snapped her fingers. “I know! We’ll keep calling the people inside the bodies Kazuma and Megumin, but refer to the bodies themselves as Kaz and Megs. For example, ‘Megumin was mad at Kazuma, who wouldn’t stop staring at Megs.’”

The two murmured in agreement.

“Everybody got that?” Wiz asked. "Good."

“Sure,” said Megumin. “Now, stop looking at my boobs!”

“Huh?” asked Kazuma, eyes not moving.

“Quit it!” yelled Megumin. “Or else!”

“Or else what?” jeered Kazuma. In response, Megumin stood up and wordlessly pushed a large vase off a shelf.

“Oh no,” said Megumin unconvincingly as the vase shattered, “how clumsy of me. Here, allow me to pay for the damages.” She reached into Kaz’s pocket and pulled out a huge stack of Eris.

“Okay, okay, I’ll stop!” Kazuma cried in a panic. “Let’s just get out of here, okay?”

Outside, the body-swapped pair ran into the third member of their party: Aqua, arch-priest and goddess of water.

“Hey, Kazuma!” she cried. “Guess what I found at the market?”

“Something useless, no doubt,” Kazuma grumbled.

“Wha?” shouted Aqua, taken aback. “Megumin, what’s gotten into you?”

“I’m not Megumin, I’m Kazuma,” he said.

“Wiz accidentally switched our bodies,” Megumin explained. “We’re stuck like this for twelve hours.”

“Are you kidding me?” yelled Aqua. “I am gonna slap a lich-”

“Forget it,” said Megumin. “Let’s just get back home.”

“I wonder how Darkness is gonna take this,” Kazuma grumbled.

“Don’t worry,” said Aqua. “I’ll break the news gently.”

“Darkness! Darkness! Kazuma’s stuck inside Megumin!”

“Dammit, Aqua!” screamed Kazuma.

“It’s not like that,” Megumin reassured Darkness. The crusader was staring at them, her cheeks bright red. “Kazuma and I had our bodies switched by magic.”

“Oh, I see,” said Darkness. “What are you going to do?”

“We can’t really do much of anything,” Kazuma explained, “except wait for it to wear off.”

“In the meantime,” Megumin added, “I’ve got to make sure Kazuma doesn’t do anything perverted with my body!”

“Hey, I said I was sorry!” Kazuma protested.

“Whatever,” said Megumin. “For the next eleven hours, you’re not leaving my sight!”

Hours later, the two were seated on the floor facing each other, locked in a battle of the wills.

“I’m watching you, Kazuma,” Megumin warned.

“Yeah, yeah, I got it,” Kazuma grumbled. He shifted to a more comfortable position, leaning back with Megs’ legs spread.

“Hey! Don’t do that!” Megumin shouted, a blush appearing on Kaz’s face. “I can see your panties! I mean, my panties! Oh, you know what I mean!”

“So what?” asked Kazuma. “I couldn’t see them, even if I tried.”

“That’s not the point!” Megumin protested.”I-”

“Tea time!” Aqua entered the room with a steaming teapot and two cups, interrupting the squabble. “You’ve been sitting here for a while, so I figured you could use some refreshments.”

“Thanks,” said Megumin, taking the pot and pouring out a cup. “I am pretty thirsty.”

“Me too,” Kazuma admitted. They drank their tea, then resumed their stare-off.

It wasn’t long before Kazuma realized something unpleasant: Megs’ bladder was a lot smaller than his own. He tried to ignore the building pressure, but he found it harder and harder to hold still.

“Kazuma, what’s going on?” asked Megumin. “You’re fidgeting.”

“Am I?” said Kazuma, a note of panic creeping into his voice. “Y-you must be imagining things!”

Crap, this is not good, he thought. She’ll kill me if I do anything pervy with her body. And peeing definitely falls under that category! What am I gonna do?

Minutes ticked by agonizingly slowly, and Kazuma could feel the urge getting worse and worse.

“Are you okay?” asked Megumin with a note of concern.

Oh, I can’t take this anymore, Kazuma realized. “I have to pee!”

Just as he’d predicted, Megumin freaked out upon hearing that.

“W-what?” she shrieked, standing up in shock. “You can’t do that! Not in my body!”

“Gimme a break!” Kazuma retorted, rising to meet her. “We’ve got seven hours left of this! What do you want me to do, die of urea poisoning?”

“N-no, but…” An even brighter blush appeared on Kaz’s face. “I need to pee too!”

“Aha!” cried Kazuma vindictively. “You’re such a hypocrite, lecturing me like that! Well, if that’s the way you want to play it, then fine! You’re not allowed to go to the bathroom either!”

“No, no!” cried Megumin. “That’s not what I-”

“Ahahaha!” Kazuma laughed. “Mutually assured bladder destruction!” He was still laughing when he felt a drop of urine leak into Megs’ panties. He looked over, and could tell Megumin was facing the same problem. Their eyes met, and the two wordlessly agreed to a truce. With hands between their legs, they rushed to the bathroom.

Outside the bathroom door, Kazuma and Megumin had a quick rock-paper-scissors match to determine who would go first. Kazuma won, as usual, and dashed inside. When he turned to close the door, however, he realized he wasn’t alone.

“Megumin, what are you doing?” he cried. “I won fair and square!”

“I know that,” said Megumin, “but I need to be here to make sure you don’t do anything perverted!”

“Seriously?” Kazuma groaned, but he felt another spurt and decided not to argue. Taking care to look straight ahead, he hiked up Megs’ dress, lowered her panties, and sat on the toilet.

“Don’t you dare look down!” Megumin warned, red-faced.

“Yeah, yeah, I got it,” Kazuma grumbled. “Now will you be quiet? I can’t pee with you lecturing me!”

“Sorry,” Megumin mumbled. Kazuma took a deep breath and let himself relax. Soon enough, he felt warm liquid snaking through him, and then the sound of urine splashing against the basin. Megumin stared wide-eyed as he peed.

“So that’s what it looks like,” she whispered. Kazuma narrowly managed to avoid peeking.

This feels so weird, he thought. It feels like the piss is coming out of nowhere! Man, I can’t wait for this to be over.

Eventually, the sounds of splashing below Kazuma came to an end. He started to stand, but Megumin held up a hand to stop him.

“Hold on,” she said. “I don’t want you to get my panties wet.”

“Huh? I’m done here; there’s no need to worry about that.”

“N-not exactly,” said Megumin hesitantly. “When girls pee, we usually have to… wipe.”

“Seriously?” yelled Kazuma. “After you gave me all that crap about not doing anything pervy?”

“I know, I know!” shouted Megumin. She grabbed a bit of toilet paper. “Here, I’ll do it.”

Kazuma closed his eyes and tried to ignore the tingling sensation as Megs’ privates were wiped clean. Once the feeling passed, he stood up, redressed, and flushed the toilet.

“Ah, that’s better,” he sighed. “Now it’s your turn.”

“Okay,” said Megumin. She stood in front of the toilet, then hesitated. “Um,how do I do this?”

“Crap,” Kazuma muttered. “The toilet bowl’s tiny; you’ll probably overshoot if you sit down. Looks like you’re gonna have to stand and aim.”

“B-but,” Megumin protested, “then I’d be touching your… your…”

“There’s no other choice,” said Kazuma firmly, though he felt Megs’ cheeks grow warm. “Just point it straight ahead and pee.”

Megumin swallowed, then undid Kaz’s belt, letting his pants and underwear drop to the floor. She looked down at his penis, then took it in her hand and aimed at the bowl.

“Could you not stare at it so much?” Kazuma requested.

“Sorry,” Megumin mumbled, lifting her gaze. She let out a little sigh, and Kazuma looked away as the telltale splashing noises began again. It would be too weird to watch Megumin pee while in his body. Instead, he listened as she used the toilet, humming to herself all the while.

“Um, Kazuma?” Megumin called after about a minute. “I’m finished, but it’s, um, it’s dripping.”

“Oh, right,” said Kazuma. “Just give it a little shake and it’ll be fine.”

“If you insist,” said a clearly embarrassed Megumin. Moments later, the toilet flushed again, and the two exited the bathroom. Megumin cleared her throat.

“Um, Kazuma?” she said. “Thanks for not being, you know, weird.”

“Any time,” said Kazuma. He couldn’t help but stare at the obvious bulge in the front of Kaz’s pants, and he could only imagine what Megumin was thinking, but neither commented on it.

“Let’s, uh, let’s go to the kitchen,” said Megumin. “It should be almost time for dinner.”

“Sounds good to me,” said Kazuma.

Night fell, and Kazuma and Megumin went to bed still in each other’s bodies. When Kazuma woke up, he looked down the front of his shirt. It was perfectly flat, but he checked his pants just to make sure.

“Yes!” he cried triumphantly. “Oh, I’ve missed you, little guy!” Relieved to be back in his own body, he headed downstairs to join the others at the breakfast table.

“I’m glad that’s over,” Megumin commented, buttering a piece of bread.

“You said it,” Kazuma agreed.

“For what it’s worth,” said Megumin, “your body wasn’t as gross as I thought it would be.”

“Um, thanks, I guess,” Kazuma replied. “Same to you.”

“I just can’t imagine it,” Darkness piped up. “The thrill of someone else controlling your body, knowing that they could use it for any number of degenerate sexual acts… oh, it makes me tingle just thinking about it!”

“Whatever, weirdo,” Kazuma grumbled.

“Ooh! Do you think Wiz still has the magic ring?” Darkness asked excitedly. “I’m gonna go check!”

“Wait!” Kazuma shouted as she rushed out the door. “Darkness! Don’t do it!”

“Here we go again,” Megumin muttered as they rose to chase after the perverted crusader.

###

Up next: In a school uniform

