For Thou Art With Me

Author: Psalm23_4

*000*2020-06-13 04:59

Loosely based on past experiences; please do not judge. Contains reference to self-harm. Might be slightly depressing and potentially triggering for some. This bible verse happens to be my favorite, hence my username.

“Shall I compare thee to a summer’s day......”

Though this verse matched the early May atmosphere I was in no mood to appreciate it. I stared blankly at him and the blackboard, my legs twisted together, my vision blurring involuntarily. I was absolutely drenched with sweat yet shivering at the same time, sweltering in a long-sleeve black shirt while everyone around me was in shorts. Yet as much as the sweating went, it did not manage to take any pressure off my bladder bulging against my waistband, or reduce its contents threatening to pour out any second. He shot a glance at me, before carrying on with Sonnet 15.

There I was, sitting in the class of a teacher who would definitely let me go to the toilet just a few feet down the hallway had I asked at all, and asking would surely be the exact thing any normal human being would do were they in my state. But no; I did not raise my hand, had not been to the toilet during the break or the break before that, and, well, had for some time ceased considering myself as a normal human being.

Sunlight beamed onto the windowsill.

There were many things that glance may have said. He could have been wondering why my sleeves were not rolled up in such boiling weather, why I was fidgeting and struggling like a toddler refusing to stop playing and take a toilet break, or why I had recently begun to avoid him, or other classmates, or everything around me altogether.

I started off in his classroom as a so-called “returning student”, one that failed school life, took a whole year off, then shamelessly crawled back. Inferior at the very start. I found myself in his English class with my former underclassmen, trying everything I could to keep my head down and stay out of the spotlight. I was not bad at English, but that did not mean I was good at it either; that somehow was unacceptable for me as I considered myself obliged to do better than those a year younger than me. I was mustering up my courage to go to his office and ask for advice on a piece of assignment when he came over to me without me asking and answered all my questions, an act that was a surprise for me, surprised that this teacher would pay attention to such an average, even slightly below average, “returning student” as me.

Things went smoothly with him occasionally offering extra help with my work, until the day my facade was cracked by a piece of text on domestic violence; after class I sat sobbing alone in the empty classroom with my face buried deep in my arms. Instead of leaving the room like everyone else did he came over and sat next to me without a single word until I cried myself out; god knows how long that took. I looked up at him with red tear-stained eyes, and met his gaze, warm, comforting.

That chilly November afternoon saw him getting the whole story out of me. Childhood verbal abuse, bullying in primary school, a threatened divorce of my parents in my freshman year, death of a loved one in my sophomore year, depression, anxiety, and having had to take a leave from school because of depression and anxiety. He listened without reacting much to even the worst details, and when my words finally trailed to an end, said: “Stay positive.”

Since then it had become a habit for me to drop by his office and have a little chat when schoolwork or life became a bit too much to cope with. He always listened, sometimes offered advice, never judged. Those conversations ranged from minutes to half an hour, and every time I walk out of the office I felt a tiny bit better than when I went in. For a long time I thought that I had at last found someone whom I could completely open up to, that I had at last had some degree of control over my life.

The day I withdrew from his care was also the last time I could remember entering the school toilet. I staggered inside after the last bell of the day, tore off my trousers, relieved a day’s worth of liquid, before rolling up the sleeve on my left arm, producing a paper knife from my pocket, and slashed it down again and again. Blood started to bead on the new scars which crisscrossed my arm, covering old ones. I felt surprisingly numb, the pain surprisingly calming.

Just then I heard footstep and chatter as others entered the toilet, their chuckles filling my ears as I stared at my wounds, their mirth mocking me in the cruelest way. As I leaned on the wall of the stall gasping for air, I realized that while I do this for calming myself down, if I do it in a toilet with the possibility of other people coming in my stress level would only skyrocket. I stayed in the stall like a rabbit in the taillight until I could hear nothing, before dashing out vowing never to tell anyone about this; not even him.

It was not long before I realized how grim my situation was. I could not, I simply could not, go into the toilet or any secluded place on campus without harming myself, and at the same time I could not risk getting caught. The urge to cut was as irresistible as a normal person’s urge to urinate when they need to, and I was forced to combat both. I had tried not bringing my knife to school, but the distress that had brought me was so unbelievable that I had to keep it in my pocket all the time. I had to wait till I got home from school to relieve myself in either way, in the sanctity of my own toilet.

Each day I craved for courage, the type needed to walk into the toilet and relieve myself without doing what society forbids, the type needed to walk into his office and confess everything, ask for advice, ask for encouragement. But no; what would he think of some moron who hurt herself, some freak who would not use the school toilet for such a stupid reason, some attention-seeker who did all this to make people concerned? I could not afford losing his appreciation and support, if any.

So I found myself sitting through Sonnet 15, my bulging, aching bladder killing me, my willpower slipping every second. Surely I had been desperate almost every day, but not like today; I must have drunk too much water due to this goddamn hot weather. I was furious. Furious at myself for not having control over myself, physically or mentally. Furious at myself for mutilating my body like a headless attention-seeker. Furious for not being able to answer nature’s call like any normal people. Furious for walking away from care and support, from the beaming smile of my favorite teacher. I crossed my legs even tighter, and let out a barely audible whimper.

All of a sudden the bell rang. Class was over. It was the last class of the day. People around me began to file out, and how I wished I could just stand up and go relieve the pent-up liquid inside my overstretched bladder without worrying about the knife in my pocket and what I might do with it. To my horror, I realized I could not stand up without holding myself, so I resigned to sitting for a little longer waiting for everyone to leave. Yet as I raised my eyes again I was surprised that my gazed met his, the same warm reassuring gaze he gave me the day I cried in front of him.

“Go to the toilet first.” He said gently. Obviously I did a terrible job trying to hide my need.

“I......I can’t.”

“Why?”

“......Because if I go inside the toilet I would cut myself I wouldn’t be able to help it and I really don’t want to I’m sorry I’m sorry.” I could feel tears running down my cheeks, was deeply ashamed by them, and that shame brought more tears. And since the water was running loose on this end of my body, I had no idea how long it would take for it to come out from the other end.

“Why don’t you just leave your knife here?” His voice was as gentle as ever.

“I can’t......It makes me really stresses not having it.”

“Here, listen,” He looked straight into my eyes, “just go to the toilet, and I believe you wouldn’t do anything harmful to yourself. I’ll be in this room waiting for you. I believe you wouldn’t.”

I was not sure whether it was because of his voice or his words, but I nodded, and tried my best to get up and walk properly down the corridor to the very place I had been avoiding for some time. Thankfully since school was over no one was there, and I managed to get into a stall without being seen by anyone. My knickers were damp in the crotch as I pull them down, and for the first time in a while I cried freely, my sobs muffled by the splashing of the torrent beneath me. I could not remember how long I sat there and wept after my stream died down, but I eventually pulled myself together, washed my face and staggered out of the bathroom, slipping into the empty classroom where he was indeed waiting for me.

“Now, I knew you’d been hurting yourself ever since I saw you wearing long sleeves in this weather.” He started, “And I understand that you’ve stopped seeing me because you think you’ve done something wrong, is that true?”

I was dumbstruck for a moment at the fact that he knew all along, before stammering quietly, “I......I just don’t want you to feel that I’m seeking attention or whatever.”

He sat up straight in his chair in a somewhat formal manner: “Listen to me - you are never, never an attention seeker. This happens to many people in many stages of their lives and I know you’re trying to relieve stress, not causing more of it by, say, being too scared to go to the toilet. You’re always welcome in my office to discuss matters when you get stresses, and I’m sure you’ll grow out of this. Trust me, you’re not just a cutter......”

My eyes must have watered again, not because of the remnant dull ache in my bladder for holding so much in so many consecutive days.

“You’re not just a cutter. You’re not just the subject of abuse or bullying or depression whatsoever. You’re your favorite books and music. You’re a good English student who got an A in her last assignment. You’re those you love and those who love you. You matter.”

I nodded through fresh tears.

“Good, let’s call it a day,” He stood up as I managed to croak, “Sir, one more thing......”

“Yes?”

“Could you please do me a favor?”

“What is it?”

“Can you give me a hug?”

“Sure.”

The next thing I knew, I had his arms wrapped around me, my face buried in his shirt pressing tightly against his chest. The slight stinging pain of my unhealed cuts when they made contact with my long sleeves reminded me of the whole thing, but the warmth of his arms balanced them off. I held onto him tightly as ever yet he did so even tighter. I shivered from the immense relief unrivaled by that in the toilet minutes ago.

“Thank you.” I closed my eyes and whispered.

“Thank you for trusting me.” He replied.

I had no idea how long we remained in that position; the only thing I remembered was how my fear, guilt, shame and desperation in either sense gradually faded away.

“By the way,” he grinned as he let me go, “do you mind if I keep your knife for you?”

I fished it out from my pocket and put it in his hand without any further argument.

“Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for thou art with me; thy rod and thy staff they comfort me.”

I was not religious; I went through the Bible only because he mentioned in class that religion would be one of the topics discussed next semester. This passage was the only one that stuck in my mind at that moment, one without context like a loose string flapping in the wind. I took a grasp of this string anyway, and scrawled it onto a corner teared off from my English notebook before stuffing it into my pocket and timidly pushing open the door of the office the next day.

“Hi.” He grinned at me, the same grin he gave the class before each lesson, the grin that seemed to say “everything is okay” to whatever that had happened.

“I, um......” I pulled out the slip of paper from my pocket and handed it to him the same way I handed over my knife, “Sir I want you to have this.”

“Thanks a lot,” he placed it on the desk without opening it, eyes still on me, “stay positive.”

And sunlight beamed onto the windowsill.

