Aaron and his Boss

Author: Peeingbunny

*000*2016-04-14 02:52

Aaron needed to pee and he needed to pee bad. But right now he was sitting in for a coworker at a very important meeting, his legs crossed and his hand crushing his knee cap. He mouthed over to his boss Dan: "I need to go!" but the man just shrugged his shoulders. You would think that sitting in a room full of men in their 60s, that at least one of them would have had to pee in the past five hours that was this meeting. But they all sat their delicately sipping their teas and coffee without a care in the world.

The main issue was that Aaron had gone into the meeting having to pee because of circumstance. His coworker, Gary, had to be out of town for a wedding this weekend. And Aaron is usually Gary's go-to-man when it comes to departmental issues. Usually this wasn't something that Aaron minded because technically Gary was his supervisor and if working some of Gary's meetings meant him getting a promotion, he wasn't about to pass that up. But today had just gone hay-wire!

Last night Aaron went out with a couple of friends and had a couple drinks more than he had originally planned. In all honestly, his friends were trying to get him laid. It had been three years since he had broken up with his ex and he wasn't quite sure that he was ready to move on. His friends, obviously, didn't think that lanky and freckled Aaron could score on his own were constantly taking him to bars all across town. Aaron didn't mind it, as long as he was able to control himself. Knowing that he had a huge meeting this morning, and not wanting to wake up with a horrible hangover, he drank a ton of water and gatorade. Didn't matter to him, he'd be at his bachelor pad with his own bathroom and he could pee all night long if necessary.

Then his alarm didn't go off. Being a night-owl, Aaron usually liked to give himself two hours to get ready so that by the time he got to the office, he was coherent and actually functional. But the day started at 9 and Aaron woke up at 8:30. And he was seriously, thankful that he didn't wake up later than that. Oddly enough when Aaron woke up the next morning, he barely had to pee. That alcohol must have seriously dehydrated him but for once he was seriously grateful. He grabbed a orange juice and an oatmeal cup to go and bolted out of the door. Then he turned around and grabbed his coat. It was a brisk October evening and the chilly air definitely reminded him that he could use the bathroom. He could just pee when he got to the office...right?

Wrong. Aaron rushed into the office and was handed a large hot coffee by one of the secretaries, Donna. She was the talk of the town among the men at the office but Aaron didn't really find the appeal. It was probably because he was gay.

"The meeting starts in 5 Aaron" she said.

"What? I thought it started at 10!" Aaron exclaimed quickly removing his coat from his shoulders.

"They moved up the time last minute because of something that happened with USPS," she informed him. "They'll be in conference room 190." She pointed to the room in the corner.

"Yeah, yeah, yeah," he muttered under his breath. He threw his coat at his desk and took a big gulp of his coffee and went into the room. He wouldn't have time to use the bathrooms because the dumb architects who had built the building decided to put bathrooms only on the even floors. And that was a flight of stairs too many to take before this meeting. With this many companies involved, he knew that this was going to be a long meeting. But Aaron was sure they'd have a break at some point.

"Aaron, glad you could make it!" Dan said behind him. Dan was technically Aaron's boss because he was Gary's boss but they had sort of a weird relationship. He was very friendly in a high school coach trying to rally a team before a game way. He was often very handsy with Aaron grabbing his arms or his shoulders, once slapping him on the ass but Judy from HR was on him about that one. And he could really be a dick sometimes.

"Really hope Gary is having fun at that wedding!" He put one strong hand on Aaron's shoulder and gripped it tightly.

"Yeah me too," Aaron muttered.

"But just gunna say, I know you're not Gary but you're the second best and I'm glad you're stepping in for him," he said with a large smile. Dan's teeth were perfectly straight and his smile produced two dimples on his cheeks. They were adorable.

"Uh thanks Dan," Aaron said drawing his lip sin slightly. He wasn't entirely sure if the brawny many had meant that has a complement.

"Alright, let's do this!" Dan said pumping two fists into the air. Dan walked ahead of him and Aaron couldn't help but find himself looking at his ass. His pants were a little bit tighter than usual today and he could see the wonderful muscle definition that he had.

"God you're so from New Jersey," Aaron sighed and shook his head. Feeling a little bit inadequate, he followed the man into the conference room.

And that's what brings us up to this point. Five hours into the meeting, there still was no break and Aaron was hanging on for dear life, seriously hopping that he wasn't about to pee his pants. He knew that Dan knew but every time he had tried to call a break, one of the old men started yapping again and they were back at square one. And Aaron was so afraid that he would cause a problem by just ducking out that he kept quiet silently pleading with his bladder to hold on and for Dan to do something for him.

"We aren't getting anywhere with this, we should take a break," Dan intervened.

"I don't think we should go anywhere until we make some sort of compromise!" Nathan, the CEO of some company from some place that Aaron didn't care about because he had to pee.

"I'm not calling for us to end the meeting Nathan! I'm calling for a five minute break to stretch our legs!" Dan barked back his brows curled and his arms crossed. Aaron noticed that his pecs were very pronounced in the blue satin shirt that he had decided to wear that day.

And then Aaron's entirely body relaxed slightly as a tiny splurt of pee escaped from the tip of his penis. He started to panic. He couldn't pee himself in front of these people. He didn't want to pee himself in front of anyone let alone these huge corporate giants. Not knowing what to do he quickly stood up and bolted from the room. Not saying a word, he heard Dan call his name as he headed straight for the staircase.

"Need to pee, need to pee," he kept saying, trying to keep his legs crossed as he rushed down the stairs. Another bit of pee escaped and he stopped to grab his throbbing crotch. It was so difficult to stop the stream at this point. There was no way he'd be able to hold it much longer. Aaron was going to explode any second. He desperately needed the bathroom. He entered the second floor and took a sharp turn to the left.

There it was, the men's bathroom! And by some luck, there was nobody in the single person bathroom. Aaron started leaking as he entered the room. Forget locking the door! He could feel the urine on his legs he and unzipped his jeans when he felt a strong hand grip his shoulder. Instinctively he turned around but being so close to release, he couldn't stop himself from peeing. He saw Dan standing behind him looking oddly innocent, his mouth slightly open as he saw Aaron's pee hit the side of the urinal. Aaron couldn't quite focus but Dan grabbed his penis and directed the man back to the urinal so as to not get any of Aaron's pee on either of them.

A loud moan escaped Aaron's lips as he relaxed his body into Dan's. He could feel his penis throbbing and start to stiffen in Dan's hand. It had been so long since someone else had touched him and while he had wanted it, this wasn't exactly what he had had in mind. For some reason, he couldn't help but get aroused.

That was when Dan did something that Aaron didn't quite expect. He kissed his neck and began to seductively nibble on his ear. It made Aaron weak at the knees, although he was already quite weak from having held his pee for so long. He moaned again and this time Dan took this as a cue to start stroking Aaron's throbbing dick.

Dan took Aaron by the shoulders and threw him against wall. The cold tile felt nice on his back as he was definitely heating up. Dan put his hand against Aaron's face and drew him in for passionate kiss then he pulled Aaron's hair back and began to stroke his dick faster. Aaron found his hands grasping Dan's ass.

"Shit," Aaron moaned as he came violently. Dan let go of his penis and traced his fingers down his shaft, and up his body to his mouth. He tapped Aaron's mouth with his finger.

"I didn't know you were gay," Dan said.

"So what, you just took a chance?" Aaron joked with a smile. Aaron's cum was still in Dan's hand and he had half a mind to lick it from his boss' fingers. Dan opened his mouth as if to say something and then there was a knock at the door.

"Just a sec!" Dan cried out and then sheepishly added, "We should probably get back."

"Oh yeah," Aaron muttered catching his breath. Dan laughed as Aaron fastened his pants. Aaron walked over to the sick trying to keep his composure but his mind was swarming. The facet exploded and covered the front of him in water. Dan quickly washed his hands, somehow keeping his clothes dry.

They walked towards the the door the sink still spitting out water. Dan assured Aaron that he would have a change of clothes for him in his office but at least the water had help to wash away the slight pee stains that Aaron had left on his pants. They opened the door and saw a fellow coworker standing there.

"Sink's broken man," he said pointing into the bathroom. "You might want to find another place."

"That's the third time this month. When will they fix that thing?" He rolled his eyes and walked away. Aaron felt a strong hand on his shoulder and turned to see a smiling Dan.

"So tell me, what'cha doing this weekend?" he asked.

