Omovember 2020: Day 12

Author: PPP

*000*2020-11-13 04:11

$$

###

Day 12: Trapped and desperate Stephanie Brown (Batgirl)

###

Perched atop one of Gotham City’s numerous gargoyles, Stephanie Brown, aka Batgirl, went over her gear one more time.

Grappling hook: check. Night-vision goggles: check. Batarangs: check. Smoke bombs-

“Heads up, Batgirl,” came the voice in her ear. “Looks like your target’s on the move.”

“Thanks, Oracle,” said Stephanie. Barbara Gordon, the original Batgirl, had been in a wheelchair for years. She now worked as Oracle, providing intel and support with her vast array of computer systems. Confident that the tech wiz had her back, Stephanie dove into action.

Her target was an armored truck being driven by Black Mask’s thugs. According to the henchman she had questioned earlier, they were delivering a safe filled with top-secret stolen cargo. Even he didn’t know what it was. Steph had thanked him for his help by tying him up instead of knocking him out. It was the little things that made the difference.

Stephanie grappled her way across the rooftops in pursuit of the truck, waiting for her chance to strike. Her opportunity appeared when the truck slowed down on a sharp turn. She dove towards her target, her cape slowing her descent, and tossed a smoke grenade into the truck’s cabin. It swerved and hit the nearby guardrail, grinding to a halt. Stephanie hit the ground and opened the back of the truck. A large safe was inside, about three feet on each side. To Steph’s surprise, it was unlocked. She was even more shocked when she found it was empty.

“O, are you seeing this?” she asked.

“Yes,” said Barbara, “but I don’t understand it.”

“Me neither,” Stephanie admitted. “What’s the top-secret cargo?”

“You,” came a deep voice from the cabin. Steph felt something pierce the arm of her suit, then everything went dark.

“Batgirl! Wake up!”

Groaning at the voice in her ear, Stephanie groggily opened her eyes and still only saw black.

“Urgh, what happened?” she moaned, her head still fuzzy. There was a pregnant pause.

“The goons hit you with a tranquilizer and shoved you in the safe,” Barbara explained.

“At least they kept my mask on,” said Steph, feeling it covering her.

“Probably because Black Mask wants to unmask you himself,” Barbara reasoned. “And they took your utility belt; they’re not stupid.”

“Are they ever?” groaned Stephanie. She tried to move, but there was no spare room inside the safe.

No way to get myself out, she thought.

“Anyway,” Barbara continued, “the bad news is that nobody can come to get you. I called Bruce, Tim, Dick, and even Damian; they’re all occupied. You’ll be on your own for this one.”

“So what’s the good news?” Steph asked.

“Ever the optimist, aren’t you? The good news is that the safe has enough oxygen to last until you reach Black Mask’s hideout, which is approximately three hours away. Just stay awake until then, then jump them when they open the safe.” Stephanie groaned at that. She was finding she was barely able to keep her eyes open.

“That’s a tall order,” she mumbled. “Babs?”

“Yes?”

“Will you talk to me until then? To help me stay awake?”

“Okay,” said Barbara. “About what?”

“Anything.”

“... so that was my first kiss. Needless to say, it was all downhill from there,” Barbara finished.

“You’re telling me,” Stephanie said with a chuckle. “Dating a Robin is never easy.” Both girls laughed at that, but Steph stopped when she realized she had a problem.

“Babs?” she asked hesitantly.

“What is it?” Barbara asked. Stephanie felt her face grow hot when she answered.

“I… have to pee.” There was an awkward silence. Steph wasn’t lying; nearly two hours had passed and her bladder was pressing uncomfortably against her suit.

“Well,” Barbara said hesitantly, “do you think you can hold it for another… seventy miles?”

Stephanie thought about it. She could feel all the urine sloshing inside her, begging to be released. Her heart sank.

“I don’t think so,” she whispered.

“Well then,” said Barbara, “the way I see it, you have two options.”

“Those options being?” asked Stephanie, not liking where this was going.

“Option one: die of urea poisoning. Option two: wet yourself.”

There was more silence. Then Stephanie spoke up.

“What?” she cried. “Are you crazy? I can’t do that!”

“Well, what else can you do?” asked Barbara. “That safe doesn’t have enough room for you to remove your suit ; better to just do it now and get it over with. For what it’s worth, your costume is pretty water-resistant.”

“No way!” Steph protested. Aside from being disgusting, a superhero wetting herself, intentionally or not, would be completely humiliating. “I changed my mind; I can hold it!”

Barbara sighed. “Fine. Go ahead and try.”

It was agony for Stephanie as the minutes ticked by. The size of the safe forced her into a crouched position that put a lot of pressure on her bladder, and she couldn’t move her hands to hold herself. She could only grit her teeth, clench her muscles, and try her hardest not to think about how badly she had to go. The last part was proving difficult.

I gotta pee so bad! Steph moaned internally. No! Don’t think like that! You are strong, you can do this! Beads of sweat ran down her forehead in concentration. Can’t give in! Have to - eep!

To her horror, Stephanie felt a spurt of pee leak out of her. It was then that she realized she was fighting a losing battle.

“Barbara,” she asked, “how long has it been?”

“Ten minutes,” came the unimpressed reply.

“Babs?”

“Yes, Stephanie?” said Barbara in a tone that said she knew what was coming. Steph’s face burned and she felt a tear in her eye.

“Don’t listen,” she begged.

Stephanie heard a static crackle as Barbara disconnected.

“Thank you,” she whispered, even though she knew her partner couldn’t hear her. Steph took a deep breath and allowed herself to let go. She felt a warm wetness down below, starting at her crotch before seeping its way down beneath her buttocks. As pee kept flowing out of her with a soft hiss, Stephanie’s tight suit meant that she felt every drop against her skin. She groaned, both from the unpleasant sensation and from the shame.

I can’t believe this, she thought. I feel like such a baby. Some superhero…

After a few minutes, Stephanie’s bladder was finally empty. She sat there silently in her soaked suit, feeling sorry for herself. Then her earpiece buzzed.

“What is it?” she asked glumly, her usually unflappable demeanor gone.

“Are you, um, finished?” Barbara asked.

“Yes,” Steph admitted. “This is the worst…”

“Hey, look on the bright side,” said Barbara. “At least you don’t have to go any longer.”

“I guess,” Steph admitted. “But it’s still so embarrassing!”

“Cheer up,” said Barbara. “Plenty of embarrassing stuff happened to me while I was Batgirl, you know. It happens to everyone; it doesn’t make you any less of a hero.”

Stephanie chuckled. “You telling me to cheer up? That’s a new one.”

“First time for everything,” said Barbara. “Feeling better?”

“I am. You just have to promise me one thing.”

“What’s that?”

“Promise you’ll tell me some of your embarrassing stories.”

“Very well,” said Barbara. “I guess it’s the least I can do…”

For the rest of Steph’s trip in the safe, she and Barbara swapped their most mortifying tales of humiliation. They laughed at each other’s misfortune, and Stephanie felt a little better about wetting herself.

###

