Omovember 2020: Day 14

Author: PPP

*000*2020-11-15 04:24

Day 14! I can't believe I'm almost halfway through this thing...

###

Day 14: Unexpected diuretic effect Jill (VA-11 HALL-A)

###

The worst places tended to draw out the most interesting people. Nowhere was that more true than in Glitch City. The cybernetic dystopia was filled with all sorts of unsavory characters, and all tended to be drawn to the seedy dive bar in the VA-11 building’s Hall-A, commonly known as Vallhalla.

Jill wiped down another glass and sighed. Business had been slow tonight, and tips were light. She distracted herself from her worries momentarily by humming along to the jukebox in the back of the bar as she cleaned. As such, she didn’t realize someone had come in until there was an impatient throat-clearing from behind her. Jill turned around to see a young woman dressed in a jacket and baseball cap with a webcam mounted on it.

“Sorry, Nicole,” said Jill. “Didn’t see you there.” Nicole Chen, better known as Streaming-Chan, was an internet celebrity who live-streamed everything, no matter how sexually explicit it was.

“What can I get for you?” Jill asked.

“Gimme a Bad Touch,” said Nicole. Despite herself, Jill snickered a little at the drink’s juvenile name. She mixed the ingredients together and served up the sour green drink on the rocks.

“Sweet, thanks!” said Nicole. She took a small vial from her pocket and poured a pale yellow liquid into the glass.

“What’s that stuff?” asked Jill, not used to customers altering her drinks.

“Oh, it’s just a little additive to help me with tonight’s stream,” came the reply.

“Additive, huh?” Jill repeated. “I don’t suppose you’d mind sharing; I need a little pick-me-up.”

“Are you sure?” Nicole cautioned. “I gotta warn you, this stuff is pretty strong.”

“Hey, I’ve got a liver implant,” said Jill. “I don’t get wasted easily.”

“That’s not quite what I meant,” said Nicole, but the bartender had heard enough. She pulled out a shot glass and held it up to the streamer expectantly. Nicole sighed and poured in a bit of her drink.

Jill took a sip. The drink was delicious; sweet, smooth and with just a hint of spice. She quickly drained the whole glass.

“Thanks,” said Jill, “I needed that.” She held up the glass again, but Nicole shook her head.

“You should take it easy there, Jill. That stuff’s a powerful diuretic.”

“What?” asked Jill, not quite believing what she was hearing.

“You know,” said Nicole, “something that makes you pee a lot. I’m doing this fetish stream tonight, and some guys wanted me to p-”

“I know what a diuretic is; I’m a bartender!” Jill interrupted. “What I want to know is why you gave it to me!”

“Hey, I tried to warn you,” Nicole said defensively. “And it’s not like it’s the end of the world. It should kick in shortly; just take a bathroom break and you’ll be fine. Well, I gotta go!”

She tossed some money on the bar and hurried out, leaving a rather irritated Jill alone.

Sure enough, after a few minutes, Jill felt the effects of the diuretic start to kick in. She was shocked by how full her bladder felt, and how quickly it had happened. It was like a full water balloon, ready to burst at any minute.

She wasn’t kidding, Jill thought. She stood up to head to the restroom when the doors opened again and a large group of customers entered. Normally, on a slow night like this, Jill would have been happy to see them. Now, however, all she could think about was how many drinks she’d have to mix before she could take a bathroom break. Jill felt her bladder throb, and she sighed.

Let’s do this.

Jill skipped over the usual pleasantries and instead went straight to taking drink orders. A Fringe Weaver, a Gut Punch, a Stardust Cloud… She mixed the ingredients as fast as she could. All the noise of sloshing liquids was a living hell for her bladder. Jill crossed her legs to try and keep steady, but she could feel her hands shake as she mixed more drinks.

Okay, she reassured herself, serving up a Cobalt Velvet, this should be the last one. Then you can-

“Bartender!” shouted one of the patrons. “Another round!” Several of his companions echoed his remarks.

Goddammit.

As she started on the next round, Jill found herself getting truly desperate. She was now bouncing back and forth on her heels, trying to keep the floodgates shut. It was a losing battle; she could already feel a few drops leaking out.

Come on, come on! she thought in a panic. Just keep it together a little longer!

At long last, the final drink was poured. Jill breathed a sigh of relief, then rushed off to the employee-only bathroom before anyone could ask for a third round.

Jill threw open the door and hurried over to the toilet. She lifted her skirt and dropped her panties, but she hadn’t fully lowered herself onto the seat when her overfilled bladder let go. Pee shot out of her in a golden jet, splashing thunderously into the bowl. Jill let out a loud moan of relief that she was glad nobody could hear. With her stream spraying so strongly, Jill was afraid that she would get pee all over the floor if she tried to move. Due to that, she decided to remain in her hovering position as her bladder kept emptying.

A full minute passed, and Jill still wasn’t done. Her legs were starting to cramp up from squatting for so long, but she was peeing just as strongly as ever.

Man, those were some strong diuretics! she thought. Nicole’s gonna have one hell of a stream tonight! As Jill laughed at her bad pun, she felt her stream finally start to lose strength. It lasted another thirty seconds, then sputtered out into the last few drops. Jill wiped herself clean, which took a lot of paper; there had been quite a bit of backspray. She looked at the gold-filled toilet bowl in shock.

Diuretic or not, I can’t believe I had that much in me!

Her business complete, Jill headed back to the bar.

“Who’s up for another round?” she asked, to cheers from the patrons. Much to her delight, the tips began to flow as freely as the drinks. In the end, the night turned a decent profit, and Jill made one mental note to herself: Never accept a drink from Streaming-Chan!

###

*003*2020-11-16 05:12

{{37 minutes ago, Ms. Tito said:

Moral of the story, always accept a drink from Streamer-chan.

}}

All a matter of perspective, I guess.

