Tickle fight

Author: peepantsrunner

*000*2023-08-12 14:38

***contains explicit sex scene mixed with both parties peeing. Don't read if you don't want to/shouldn't be reading adult stories***

"Stop! Stop! You're going to make me pee my panties!" Amy wasn't sure why she had said that. It was true that she did have to pee quite badly. It was also true that Billy tackling her back onto his bed and tickling her just as she had been about to get up and go pee in the toilet like a big girl didn't help her desperation, either. But it was just as true that she wasn't in any real danger of having an accident. Amy was a big girl and big girls don't pee their panties anymore. Sure, there had been more than a few occasions when she was so desperate that she had fantasized about just letting it go in her pants and not caring about the mess, but she had never done it since she was little. All this went through Amy's mind in a brief moment, meanwhile Billy was still tickling her.

She tried shouting again, "You're going to get peed on if you don't stop!" Billy didn't stop. Why did he have to be such a turd sometimes? Amy had really, really been enjoying their make out session before she had tried to get up to pee. So much so that her panties were already soaked through with her juices, and she had been debating letting him take them off her when she came back. Now she was considering peeing in them instead. Sure, that would kill the mood, but he was already killing it by not stopping when she had said to. It's like he wanted her to have an accident or something. Maybe he did. She had warned him she was going to and he had kept going.

What made up Amy's mind was the realization that it would feel so, so good to just let it go. Maybe she was just horny from having this hot boy all over her for the past hour, but she thought that peeing herself would be the best feeling in the whole world, and she finally had the perfect excuse to pretend it was an accident. As far as anyone would ever know, she was still a good girl who peed in the toilet like she was supposed to, only Billy had forced her to have an accident. Besides, she had already said she was going to pee herself. She wouldn't want to tell a lie, would she?

Amy relaxed. Well, she relaxed as much as she could while being pinned down and tickled mercilessly. And of course, nothing happened. It turns out that it's actually hard to wet yourself after spending years making it a point not to. An odd new fear entered Amy's mind: what if she couldn't pee herself before Billy got tired of torturing her and she missed this golden opportunity. She went beyond relaxing and pushed as hard as she could. At first, that didn't do anything, either. But then a small trickle made it's way past her pussy lips and joined the moisture already dampening her panties.

She was firmly committed at this point and kept pushing until the trickle became a small stream, and then a full fledged river of pee. It hissed out of her so forcefully that one stream of pee was spraying through her panties to splash off the front of Billy's gym shorts, while several smaller rivers escaped the sides of her panties to run along her inner thighs. It felt even better than she had imagined it would. As warmth and wetness flowed out from her pussy to soak her panties, dress, and Billy's crotch, another sort of warmth radiated from her pussy to every nerve in her body. She was peeing as hard as she ever had in her life, and at this point she couldn't have stopped it even if she wanted to. Far from wanting to stop, she wished it could last forever. Well, maybe not forever, but if it lasted a bit longer, she knew she would soon cum from it.

As her bladder neared empty, she felt Billy finally stop tickling her. She had expected him to get off of her when he felt the pee start soaking into his shorts as well. What she had not expected was for him to go back to kissing her, and grinding his rock hard erection against her gushing pussy. That was the last thing she needed to bring her over the edge of orgasm. Her hips bucked against his and what little pee she had left to give began to shoot out in rhythmic spurts as her body shook with ecstasy. Amy came like she had never cum before in her life. She couldn't help but sigh in relief as the last waves of pleasure were accompanied by the last drops of pee lazily dribbling out of her helplessly relaxed pussy.

They lay there together without moving or saying a word for quite some time. Amy realized that the bed must have some sort of waterproof cover on it, because she was laying in a puddle from her knees to her mid back. Amy tried to say she was sorry for peeing all over Billy's bed, but he cut her off, "Don't worry about it. Accidents happen." "So you're not mad?" Amy asked. "Of course not. You did try to warn me. Sure, I thought you were being overly dramatic and you wouldn't actually wet yourself, but you did warn me." "Do you think I'm gross now?" "It was actually kind of cute." "Cute?" "Hey, I won't judge you for peeing all over and you don't judge me for thinking you're cute while you do it, ok?" "Ok", Amy said. "So does that mean you still want to have sex with me?" "More than ever."

Billy pushed the front of her soaked dress up and out of the way. He then pulled her panties to the side and slid himself inside of her in one smooth motion. Amy gasped with pleasure as she felt his cock begin to thrust in and out of her. After a few strokes, Billy started to pick up the pace, and to thrust harder and harder into her. Amy was practically being bounced up and down on the bed with the intensity of his love-making. She moaned as her pee splashed all around, getting her even wetter. Just as she came a second time, not needing to hide it but letting herself scream Billy's name this time, she felt a new kind of wetness as Billy's cum filled her pussy. The pulses of his cock shooting deep inside of her seemed to go on forever, but finally they both settled down to lay tangled together in post-orgasmic bliss.

After several minutes of silent snuggling, Billy moved as if to get up. Just before his softening tip left her lips, Amy hooked both her heels around his back, pulling him back inside of herself. "Where do you think you're going?" she asked playfully. "Well, I feel a bit silly saying this after I tickled the piss out of you, but I really gotta take a piss myself now." He made another attempt to get up, but Amy only tightened her legs around him. "Ha ha, Amy, very funny. Now let me up before I have an accident in your pussy." Amy wasn't going to let him up without a fight, though. She held on as firmly as her tiny frame could. The feeling of his cock jumping and twitching inside of her as he struggled against her while desperately trying not to pee was just too good to let go of. "Amy, you're going to make me wet myself!" "No, silly Billy, you'll be wetting me, won't you?"

Saying that, Amy started tickling Billy while still holding him tight with her legs. He tried as hard as he could to hold on, but he began to spurt pee into Amy as he laughed. Far from relieving the pressure, each time his control slipped it took him more effort to regain it. Finally, still laughing from Amy ticking her, he completely lost control and started peeing forcefully into his girlfriend's sweet pussy. It was the most incredible thing either of them had ever felt. To Billy, it was like cumming in her had been, only a longer and continuous sensation. Amy felt her pussy, already stretched with the size of Billy's cock, filling to the bursting point with his pee. It mixed with the cum already inside her and sprayed from her pussy, running out to flow through her panties and join her puddle. Billy kissed her deeply as she came a third time, peeing just a little more herself as she did.

Amy was now laying in a massive lake of pee. It was so deep that her pussy was now partially submerged and full of pee. Her entire dress was soaked, as well as her hair. Her panties were full of cum. After three amazing orgasms, she wasn't sure her legs or her bladder control would work. All of this combined to make her start giggling uncontrollably. "Are you ok?" asked Billy. "I've never been better in my whole life" she got out between fits of laughter. "What's so funny then?" "Well, just look at me! Isn't this at least kind of funny to you?" Billy agreed that it was kind of funny, and asked where they should go from there. "Well, isn't it obvious?" Amy asked. "Ummm...no" Billy replied. "Let's go take a shower!"

*003*2023-08-14 11:27

***same disclaimer as above: lots of sex***

"We've got ten miles to our exit. You think you can hold it, babe?" Billy had been encouraging Amy for the last several miles of their drive back to his place. He struggled to keep his eyes on the road when his girlfriend looked so damn cute squirming around in the passenger seat. Both her hands were jammed tightly in his favorite place to be, between her thighs. Amy had worn an old pair of light jeans to the concert, and Billy wondered if she knew how fucking hot she was in her "old comfy jeans", as she called them.

It had been three weeks since Amy had pissed all over herself in his bed, and then forced Billy to piss in her pussy, and they had hardly talked about it, much less repeated it. They had fucked a few times, and it was good enough, but Amy seemed to get embarrassed and change the subject whenever Billy mentioned pee and sex in the same sentence. Billy wondered if she really had pissed on accident or if she was just shy. He had only pretended to lose control in her pussy because he had thought that she was into that, and now he was worried that he'd freaked her out.

"I'll hold it if you can hold it, babe" was Amy's strained reply, pulling his thoughts back to their current situation. Billy had to piss pretty bad himself, but he could make it home. When he saw Amy start to get fidgety and ask how long it would be, he decided to put on a bit of a show and pretend to be as desperate as she was. He wanted to see where this might go.

One way or another, Billy saw that this was about to get interesting. They only had eight miles until their exit, but as they rounded the corner, he saw nothing but break lights stretching into the distance. "Mmmmmmmmm" Amy didn't say anything about the wreck, but only gave a low groan and shifted in her seat. "Fuck it," Billy thought to himself, "let's have some fun with this."

"It's ok, babe, maybe they'll get it cleared up soon and we can get to a bathroom. We just have to hold on a little bit longer," Billy told Amy, hoping that she couldn't and knowing that he wouldn't. "No it's not, I'm going to wet my pants!" Amy squealed back. "No, you'll be fine. We just have to help each other out and we'll get through it together!" "It hurts, Billy." Billy was caught off guard. He was just trying to have fun, and now his girlfriend was in pain. What was going on with her?

"What do mean? What hurts?" "My bladder!" Amy yelled back at him, "it's going to burst and I'll die if I don't pee soon!" Billy could tell from her voice she was serious. He took his hand away from pretending to hold himself and put it on her knee in a way he hoped was reassuring. "It's ok, babe," Billy whispered tenderly to her. "I'm telling you it's not, I really, really have to pee! Like now!" Amy practically screamed. "No babe, I'm telling you it's ok to just let go. I don't care about anything but the fact that you're hurting. Just wet your pants now and I'll take care of the cleanup later. It's ok." "Are you sure?" she whispered, innocent hope in her voice. "I'm sure," Billy told her lovingly, as her took her hands away from her lap and then laced his fingers with hers.

For a moment, nothing happened, but then Billy heard the distinctive hiss of pee forcing it's way past her pussy lips and spraying through her panties to strike denim. He took his eyes off the crawling traffic to watch Amy piss herself. She had kept her legs tightly squeezed together, creating a lake of pee in her lap. Soon the lake overflowed and sent a golden river between her thighs, ending in a waterfall over her knees. Pee soaked straight down through her jeans all along this waterway, so that Amy hardly had any dry denim above her calves.

A long sigh brought Billy's attention up to Amy's face. Her eyes were closed and a blissful smile was on her lips. "You're enjoying this, aren't you?" Billy asked her over the patter of urine falling on his floor mat. "Yeah," Amy breathed out. She snapped her eyes open to look at him and changed her answer, "I mean, it felt really bad to hold it that long, so I felt really relieved to not have to hold it anymore, that's all. Don't go telling people I pee myself for fun!" Billy decided to push a little further and tease her, "of course, babe. I won't tell anyone about how you like to pee your pants for fun." Amy playfully slapped his arm and shot back at him, "I hope you have an accident, too, you ass!" Billy knew Amy wouldn't call him an ass if she was mad for real, and he also knew now that he was going to have an "accident" just like she asked for.

"I think I can hold it though. This traffic is starting to move again." Billy said to continue the charade. He was almost positive that Amy could have held on but had chosen to piss her pants, but she had a good girl reputation and that would make it hard for her to admit anything so kinky. Billy's old pickup truck was moving again, and he had to stop holding himself to work the cranky gearshift on it. He exclaimed in mock dismay and he pissed himself for a solid five seconds. It felt good to soak the lap of his jeans, but he stopped himself from going any further just yet. He wanted to keep playing this game with Amy and see where she would go with it. "I'm losing control, babe. I think I could make it if I only had a third hand to hold myself."

Amy apparently caught his hint, because she reached over and put her hand on his crotch. "I've never held a boy's pee in for him before. What do I do?" she asked, clearly having more fun than she would admit in words. "You'll have to actually squeeze my cock for me. The urethra needs to be pinched shut so don't be too gentle or I'll just be pissing in your hand." Billy let another few drops of piss out as she was still looking for the proper grip to emphasize his need for her to hold his cock for him. Amy surprised him by taking it a step further than he had asked, reaching her hand down the front of his pants to grab his cock directly. "Hmmm, looks like you're the one who's really enjoying this!" she teased as she found his boner and took a firm hold of it.

Billy had been hard since he first saw Amy start to hold herself, but he told her it was only because he had a hot girl playing with his dick. "I'm not playing with it, I'm helping you not pee, remember?" she chided him, but then gave him a couple playful strokes anyway. "That feels good, babe. Can you keep doing it?" "Hey! Did you pee yourself just to trick me into giving you a handy?" she accused him. Billy denied it, but went on to explain, "it's just that a guy can't piss and cum at the same time so if you keep me close to the edge, it'll keep me from peeing anymore." He jumped in her hand and let a few more drops into his boxers to encourage her.

Amy looked unsure about his explanation, but she started stroking his erection all the same. They had left the interstate, and Billy simply enjoyed having a cute girl play with his dick for several minutes as they cruised down the dark country roads leading to his house. Eventually, though, he knew he needed to move to game along before he ran out of time to play it. He started a slow trickle running into his shorts and flexed his cock in Amy's hand in a mock struggle to stop the flow. She must have felt the new warmth in his pants, because she jerked him even faster to help him resist. "Is this working better, babe?" she asked in the sweet voice of a girl willing to do what her man needed. Billy nodded, but then let out another short but powerful jet of piss and added, "maybe."

Billy had only thought to play out having an accident right in Amy's hand to see what she made of it, but apparently she was determined to be more helpful than he had anticipated. "Don't worry, babe, I'll keep you hard." Amy said, and took his cock fully out of his pants. Since she wasn't stroking him as she freed his raging erection, he had to play his part and send a couple bursts of pee leaping into the air, but that didn't phase Amy at all as she put her mouth over his wet cock and started sucking enthusiastically.

Now Billy really was too hard to pee, but he warned her the effect would be ruined if she made him cum. Amy stopped sucking, but it was only to loosen her seatbelt so she could get more of him into her mouth. She started bobbing up down the full length of his cock, poking him in his pee soaked bush with her nose on the down-stroke. He warned her again that she was going to make him cum, but she seemed to be enjoying herself too much to hear him. She had never blown him like this before and it only kept getting better. After only a couple more minutes of sloppy deepthroating, Billy couldn't hold back and pumped rope after rope of cum into her. Amy didn't seem to notice and kept her rhythm the whole time, so that some shots of his salty load went onto the tip of her tongue, while others went straight down her throat.

Billy actually had to tell Amy to stop bouncing her mouth up and down his cock, too sensitive to enjoy it in his post-orgasmic state. She stopped as he asked, but stayed where she was with the tip of his cock resting on her tongue. Billy warned her, "that felt great and all, but I can't stop myself from peeing for much longer now, you know." Amy simply shrugged and repeated his own words of, "it's ok, babe" back to him before putting her mouth back on his partially softened member.

Billy fully let himself go this time. As he began to trickle pee into Amy's waiting mouth, he felt her swallowing every drop of it. Soon, though, his trickle grew into a full-force stream and she just couldn't keep up. Amy swallowed as much pee as she could handle, but just as much was flowing back out of her mouth to soak Billy's lap and pool under his ass before being absorbed into the upholstery. Amy must have been enjoying this Billy thought as he felt her tongue stroking his tip between swallows.

After emptying half his bladder into Amy, Billy couldn't pee any more. "What's wrong babe?" she asked. "I told you it was ok to let it go. You'll feel much better if you do." Billy couldn't believe she was actually encouraging him to pee in her mouth. "Well," he said, "that thing you were doing with your tongue was starting to feel pretty good and you got me too hard to pee again." "Who's enjoying their accident now?" Amy teased him. "Of course I'm enjoying it! I've got a beautiful girl licking my dick while it happens!" "Aww, thanks," Amy said as she leaned over to take his cock deep into her mouth again.

"What're you doing?" Billy gasped out in unexpected pleasure. Amy took his dick out just long enough to tell him, "I'm making you cum again so you can finish peeing, silly." With that, Amy got back to work noisily sucking his cock. Billy wondered if Amy realized that he had parked in his driveway five minutes ago, but he certainly wasn't going to tell her now. She quickly made good on her promise and had him cumming a second time, this time going all the way down and licking his balls while they pumped. She stayed right where she was as he finished, patiently waiting for him to resume his accident directly down her throat.

For ten perfect seconds, Billy could feel Amy's throat squeezing and releasing the head of his cock as she swallowed his piss without losing a single drop. It must have been more than she could handle, though, because suddenly she sat up, letting a spray of pee loose all across Billy's face and the dash of his truck. He was able to stop the flow as she put his cock back into his damp boxers, saying, "sorry Billy, I just couldn't swallow any more. I guess your bladder is bigger than my stomach. You'll have to finish peeing inside."

Billy didn't think pissing his pants was nearly as much fun as pissing his girlfriend, but she had earned a show if she wanted one. He relaxed and gave his last several seconds of pee to his boxers. Amy started laughing and said, "I meant inside the house, not inside your pants, silly." Just as Billy began to worry that he had guessed wrong about her desires, she added, "but you are right about it being kinda cute to watch!" Billy wasn't sure he was cute, but he told her he was glad she enjoyed the show at least. She replied back "I gave you a show, so it's only fair I get one, too! And speaking of payback, you came in my mouth twice and got me all hot and bothered. You want to take a shower together and help a girl out?"

Billy did want to help her out, very badly. He took Amy by the hand, and led her straight to his bathroom. She raised her arms overhead, silently inviting him to take her shirt off for her. After her bra followed it to the floor, Billy took her pink nipples into his mouth, sucking one and then the other until they were both hard. As he kissed a meandering path lower and lower down her body, she asked him, "don't we need to clean up? I've got pee all over me." Billy didn't answer, preferring to use his mouth to undo her pants instead. He tried to pull them down in one fluid motion, but they were too full of her fluids for him to be as smooth as he'd hoped.

Amy laughed at he struggled to strip her down. "Let me help you with that," she said, peeling her soaked pants off and turning them inside out in the process. Amy kicked them aside and moved to pull her dripping panties down as well, but Billy stopped her by taking both her hands in his own. "What are you doing, babe?" she asked with a giggle, and then added a simple "oh!" as Billy put his mouth to her pussy and started to lick and suck at it through the wet fabric.

Billy knew that she had no reason to need to pee again so soon after her accident, but he hoped she took the hint he was giving her. Amy was a smart girl and gave Billy was he wanted soon enough. Wetting her panties into his mouth must have been what she wanted to do, too, because she nearly crushed Billy's head with her thighs as she screamed out his name.

Catching her breath, Amy said, "oops. Guess I relaxed too much on accident! I thought I was empty!" Billy said he guessed she did, but he knew she liked it. He pulled her panties off and ate her out again, this time making extremely good use of his direct access to her clit. She really was empty of pee as she came a second time, but Billy found the mouthful of pussy juices she gave him to be just as delicious. Both of them now fully satisfied, Billy led Amy into the shower.

*006*2023-08-14 16:20

{{1 hour ago, PaddedWarriorP said:

Piss drinking isn't something I am usually into, but this is well written and a natural continuation enough to keep me reading. Well done.

}}

Honestly, pee drinking isn't a big turn on for me either usually. I came up with this though as a result of liking both oral sex and pee accidents and wanting to combine them. Perhaps in a later chapter it'll be flipped and whoever is giving the oral will be the one losing control and wetting their pants. We'll see. Anyway, glad you liked it.

