Allie's Orientation

Author: provox

*000*2022-04-22 22:44

This is VERY loosely based on a true story my girlfriend told me about a time in college when she couldn't use the bathroom during a break during a freshman orientation lecture because the line was too long. She ended up desperately holding until the next break, and then making it to the front of the line. I accidentally posted it before it was ready, but here we are with the full thing.

Allie's Orientation, Part 1

For the first time, Allie found herself in Park Auditorium, the largest lecture hall at Melsey College, along with the 495 other freshmen who had shown up early enough to avoid being forced into one of the smaller runoff rooms where video would be shown instead of a live lecture. The presenter, a cheery upperclassman named Leila, was going over the ins and outs of campus - how the student ID's worked, the grades system, academic honesty policies, and so on. Allie loved to be punctual, and had ensured that she and her new roommate Danny were early enough to get seats near the front. She was seated in an uncomfortable swivel chair in the eighth row, on the far left side of the room.

Melsley was one of the few remaining women's colleges, so there were two girls to her left between Allie and the wall, and to her right were seven girls between her and one of the aisles passing to the back of the lecture hall. In front of her on the long desk was the freshman orientation schedule (10:00 to 11:40 - session 1, 11:40 - 12:00 - short break, 12:00 - 12:10 - catering, 12:10 - 2:00 - session 2, 2:00 - 3:00 - long break, 3:00 - 5:00 - session 3). In her hand was a pen with the Melsey logo on it, and next to the schedule on the desk was a Melsey College branded notebook and a nearly-empty Melsey College travel mug, from her collection of welcome gifts that she had taken with her from her new dorm room.

She was putting all those welcome gifts to good use, including the travel mug, which was now nearly empty. Her mom was strict and had not approved of caffeine, so she had rarely drank coffee in high school. If she was being honest, she didn't really like the bitter darkness of the coffee she was drinking now. Originally she had been planning to fill her mug with water, but she wanted to look cool and sophisticated in front of her new roommate Danny, who had pointed out the coffee machine when they went to the dining hall together that morning.

"You must be tired after staying up so late last night!" Danny had said.

So she had forced down a full mug of the stuff with breakfast at the dining hall to pep herself up. Now, nearly an hour and a half into this orientation lecture, Allie was regretting that she hadn't stuck with water like she was used to. She was especially regretting that she hadn't ignored Danny when she had helpfully told Ally she should refill her mug on the way out to have something to drink during orientation, leading her to sip away until she had nearly finished off the second mug. She could feel an uncomfortable urge in her bladder - not an emergency, but she would rather feel comfortable.

Danny was in the seat to Allie's right. Danny - short for Daniela - was Allie's arranged roommate, a tall girl from Las Cruces, New Mexico, with perfect flowing black hair and gorgeous light brown skin. Melsey had given them each other's contact information at the beginning of the summer, and they had kept in touch, excitedly coordinating who brought which furniture and appliances, and planning things to do once they met in person. Danny was fun, and cool. Allie had found herself looking forward to her weekly phone calls with Danny more than anything else in her life. They had even briefly enjoyed texting each other low resolution photos, until her mom discovered the $25 charge on their next phone bill and put a stop to it.

Allie wanted nothing more than for Danny to be her best friend. She had spent the drive to college nervously hoping that Danny would be as friendly and approving of her in person as she had over the phone that summer. To her delight, they had gotten along swimmingly in their first night at college, staying up until 3 AM exploring their dorm Roberson Hall, setting up their room, and talking, before they couldn't stay up any longer and had to pass out. Hence, Danny telling her to get coffee the next morning.

Remembering the coffee interrupted her thoughts about Danny, and sent another urge coursing through her bladder. She squeezed her legs together under her skirt, trying to get comfortable again. That coffee was really doing a number on her. Over the next few minutes the urge got worse and worse. She started tapping her leg, and finally crossing her legs together to keep her urge under control, occasionally squeezing them tighter when the urge peaked. She was only half paying attention to Leila now, and looked around the room for something to distract her. She was surprised to see Danny staring down at her lap. Had Danny noticed Allie acting out of sorts? Allie blushed at the attention, hoping Danny didn't think she was being weird. Then Danny seemed to notice Allie was looking at her, and the two caught a glance. Danny flashed a nervous-looking smile at Allie, and quickly looked back to Leila at the front of the room.

Finally, a few minutes later, Leila said the words Allie had been waiting for. "All right everyone, time for a short break. Let's see, it's 11:54 now. normally we break at 11:40 and break for 20 minutes, so let's cut it a little short and have everyone back in ten minutes." Allie noticed that some other occupants of the lecture hall had already started standing up and filing out of their rows before Leila had finished talking, and she wished to do so herself, but neither Danny nor any of the other girls in her row had moved to stand.

Leila continued, "We will be giving out lunch when you're back, and anyone not here by the end of break will miss it, so don't be late. There is a restroom right outside the back right exit for those in Park Auditorium. If you're in one of the runoff rooms, the RA assigned to your room can direct you to the closest one. Be back at 12:05 sharp." With that, Leila herself rushed up the aisle to the exit, before most of the freshmen had the opportunity to get out of their seats.

Danny stretched and stood up. "Finally! I really need to piss," she said, laughing. "How about you?" Allie let out a giggle at Danny's crass language, and responded, "Yeah, all that coffee is really catching up with me." She was relieved Danny had mentioned it first; she was now confident she could confide in Danny about her biological urges without her being grossed out, like a few of her high school classmates would have been. The red-haired, freckled girl to her left joined in and said, "Me too, been holding it for a while," and the short girl in the seat next to the wall piped in to agree.

The students to the right of Danny had by now filed into the aisle and were on their way toward the bathroom. Danny for some reason was taking her time to get up, slowly marking a few notes into her notebook and collecting things into her bag instead of making her way out, blocking Allie's egress. Allie's bladder was urging her to tell Danny to hurry or to squeeze her way past so she could join the many other students making their way to the bathroom, but she didn't want to look childish in front of Danny. So instead, she stood quietly, shifting her weight from side to side while waiting for Danny to finish up and make her way to the exit. Hadn't Danny just said she needed the bathroom? What was she waiting for?

While waiting for Danny, she made some short conversation with the girls next to her. The red-haired girl was named Sarah, and the girl who had been sitting next the wall was a Korean student named Ji-young, "but you can call me Jane". Jane was also assigned to Roberson. Sarah was in Wells Hall, two buildings over, and had met Jane on the way to orientation.

Finally, after what seemed like an eternity of rearranging the contents in her backpack, Danny had finished packing up and started filing out into the aisle. They slowly made their way out, behind dozens of other students also on their way to the exit. Once they got out into the aisle, Sarah squeezed past the crowd to make it into the hallway faster. Allie wanted to join her, but she didn't want to embarrass herself by looking too desperate in front of Danny, who was dawdling and even allowing people to push past her, so Allie, Danny, and Jane ended up near the end of a long line of students on their way out.

Once they had made it to the rear exit, the three of them followed the crowd to the bathroom. To Allie's horror, the line was massive, and disorganized. A crowd of dozens of girls just trying to mob their way into the door where they could all relieve themselves. She saw Leila among the relieved girls coming back - perhaps that was why she had left the lecture hall in such a hurry. Sarah was near the door already, squirming in place but at least near her relief - oh how Allie wished she had joined her.

Allie turned to her friends. Jane had a look of intense concentration and had her legs crossed. Danny, on the other hand, was staring intently at all the other girls in line. Her cheeks had darkened for some reason. Was she embarrassed about something? She didn't seem to be making that much of a show of herself, unlike Jane and Sarah. Allie wasn't sure. In any case, she had her own situation to think about. She was bouncing on her toes, trying to do anything she could to distract herself from her growing need without making it too obvious.

Allie glared at the mass of girls in front of her, willing them to pee faster so she could get back to her seat in time for lunch. But it was no use. The minutes ticked away, and they had only made it halfway to the door. "Shoot, it's 12:03," she muttered to Danny and Jane.

"Shit, really? Al, looks like we have to choose - lunch or piss. I'm starving, do you think you can wait to the next break?" Danny looked at Allie expectantly. Allie grimaced, not expecting Danny to force this decision on her. Truthfully, her need had become urgent, and she would have rather waited out the line and gone hungry. But she didn't want to be the one to prevent Danny from eating - no way would she do anything to upset her roommate. "Uh... I have to go pretty bad, but I should be able to hold it. Let's go get lunch." Jane agreed, although she looked disappointed.

Danny smiled, looking exceptionally pleased with the decision. She must be REALLY hungry, thought Allie. They left the long line of girls and filed back into the lecture hall. A table of sandwiches and sodas had been set up in the front. The three of them collected their food. Finally, sandwiches and coke cans in hand, they went back to their row. They squeezed past the other girls in their row to their seats. Sarah smiled as they returned. "Thank God for the break right? I had to go sooo bad."

"Uh, we didn't get a chance to go. The line was too long," Allie responded. Sarah scrunched her face in sympathy. "That sucks."

As she sat down once more, Allie saw that near-empty travel mug in front of her and silently cursed her luck. She hoped her need wouldn't get too much worse before the next break.

*004*2022-04-24 18:36

{{11 hours ago, WiiGuy86 said:

Thank you for writing this up! I have always enjoyed reading your experiences! This is excellent so far and I'm excited for the next part

}}

Thanks everyone for your nice comments. Just so nobody gets confused, this is a fictional story loosely inspired by my girlfriend's experience, not a true story with a few fun details thrown in. She could have left if she wanted to during the sessions or stayed in line during the break but didn't want to miss anything, she didn't go to an all women's college, and there was no romantic tension between her and her freshman roommate, among other things. The smaller stuff is mostly just my own flavor too, because my girlfriend cannot remember these sorts of details. She only has only a vague memory of this experience and brought it up when I had mentioned my fetish to her several years later.

I used a real life event as a springboard to have some fun writing a narrative I will enjoy and include some fetish elements in it. I found Weasel to be a source of inspiration there.

*006*2022-04-25 20:56

Allie's Orientation, Part 2

###

Danny had not been lying about being hungry; she had wolfed down the whole sandwich in the next five minutes, and even gulped down the can of coke, excusing herself and laughing after she let out a quiet burp. Allie pecked away at the sandwich, but had decided she would not be touching the soda.

For the next several minutes, Allie kept wondering if she should pop out and try to use the bathroom and then come back in. At one point, around 12:15, five minutes after the break was supposed to end, she had practically made up her mind to do it. But by that point, the last few of her classmates had trickled in, and Leila cleared up the sandwiches and began the next session. I could have stayed longer in the line, Allie thought, a little resentment stirring in her toward Leila and Danny for tag teaming to make her miss using the bathroom during the break. But it was her own decision to leave the line, and her decision not to leave the lecture hall again to rejoin the line, she told herself. And besides, in another couple hours the situation would be dealt with.

The lecture continued. Allie had managed to distract herself by taking notes on different clubs, important dates, the different libraries, with little more than a little leg bouncing and light crossing to manage her need to urinate. But by 1:30, her legs were tightly crossed together, and she was wiggling and grinding her butt into her seat.

A whisper from Sarah interrupted her seated pee dance. "Girl, I don't know how you're still holding it. I already have to go super bad, and I just went at the break!" Allie could see she wasn't the only one in her row who needed to go. Sarah was fanning her legs in and out. Jane was biting her lip and wiggling in her seat. Even Danny was bouncing her left leg, although she seemed to still be smiling.

Allie could now feel the elastic waist of her skirt digging into her abdomen, increasing her urge to go. She tried pulling it up a little higher. It provided a little room for her bladder to expand, but it still felt awful. She tried shifting into different positions - lounging, straightening up, sliding down the chair - to see if anything could provide her some relief and make it easier to hold. But nothing really seemed to help. She had to go. She couldn't even pay attention to the orientation lecture anymore.

By 1:50, with ten minutes left in the session, Allie felt like she was going to leak. She thought about getting up and leaving, but nobody else had, so she felt intimidated. How childish and embarrassing would she look leaving a lecture hall of hundreds of people because she couldn't manage her bathroom needs? She committed to holding it in. She had somehow reached a point where although her full bladder felt like a new form of torture, she was able to hold it in just by sliding into the right position and not moving. Completely still, she waited the next ten minutes for Leila to finish.

Finally, Leila finished the lecture. "This session is over. There is now an hour break. Please be back on time, just like before." Allie could scarcely believe it was finally finished, and that she could go pee. She readied herself to stand up, very slowly getting herself back into a more upright seated position so she could stand back up and leave.

Jane and Sarah both shot out of their seats and scurried behind Allie and Danny, eager to join the bathroom line as early as possible this time. Allie wanted to join them, but as she tried to stand up, she felt her control slipping. A spurt came out, creating a small wet spot in the gusset of her underwear. She instantly threw herself back onto the seat and threw her hands into her crotch. She could not move. All she could do was keep her hands forced against her crotch, and wait for the unavoidable flood about to eminent from her as her muscles wore down.

Allie felt a tap on her shoulder. She had almost forgotten about her surroundings. She turned her head to see Danny. "You OK?"

"I can't stand up," Allie responded, quietly.

"What do you mean you can't stand up?"

"I'm... going to leak." Allie omitted that the leaking had already started, hoping to delay revealing the shameful act she had already started committing in front of her roommate . No way was she going to get to be Danny's best friend after soaking herself in front of hundreds of their peers.

"O...oh. Are you sure?" Danny's cheeks flushed. Great, Allie had embarrassed her roommate.

"Yeah. I'm not going to make it." Allie was holding back tears now too.

But Danny gulped, and shook her head. "No you won't. I'm going to help you get to the bathroom."

"No use. There's going to be a huge line again," Allie responded, accepting the inevitable.

Danny flashed Allie a reassuring smile. "Park Auditorium doesn't have the only bathroom on campus. I bet there's a bathroom in the SRC next door."

"The what?"

"The Swimming and Recreation Center. Weren't you paying attention to orientation?" Allie, of course, had not been able to pay attention. But with this newfound knowledge, she felt a glimmer of hope, and that gave her the strength she needed. With Danny's help, she managed to climb out of her seat.

Allie could only pay attention to the urgent need for relief between her legs, and the hands she had pressed tightly into her crotch. Her whole body was tense and hunched over. She was barely cognizant of Danny leading her by the elbow, first out the exit of the lecture hall, then down the hall past the long bathroom line, then out the exit to Park onto the quad, and finally back inside another building through a door nearby. By this point, she was not even fully hanging on; every few steps, another drop came out, making her underwear wetter and wetter.

They made their way into the open door to the locker room. She barely registered it when Danny shouted, "Look, there they are!" Allie looked up. The sight was glorious: a line of five doors, embedded in the locker room wall, each with a plaque of the universal women's bathroom logo pasted on it. Her spirits lifted, she hobbled over as quickly as she could to the door on the far left, and pulled one hand away from her crotch to pull down the door handle.

It didn't move. Locked. She and Danny tried all five, rattling their handles. None of them worked.

"No no no no no! I'm going to wet myself!" Allie felt herself growing ashamed. Tears started to roll down her cheeks. The crotch of her underwear was practically soaked through. Leaking from both ends, she thought, wryly. It would have been amusing to her, if it wasn't about herself. At least she would only wet herself in front of her roommate, instead of the whole incoming class of Melsey. Maybe Danny would get some clothes for her to change into, and she could keep her shame between the two of them.

"You're going to make it!" Danny reassured her. "Look, the showers are over there. Just use them!"

Allie was too desperate to even respond. With Danny's help, she hobbled over to a shower stall. With her last remaining presence of mind, she kicked off her shoes and pulled off her socks so they wouldn't get wet, threw her skirt and her now-soaked underwear to the ground, stepped into the shower stall, and got into a squatting position over the drain.

Finally, after hours of squeezing her sphincter and squirming and silently praying, Allie stopped trying to hold. Even before she managed to start peeing, loosening the muscles was an immense relief. It took her a couple seconds to get started, but once she did, the feeling was so intense that her eyes rolled back in her head. "I can't believe how good this feels," she moaned. The stream was hard, and long, and was splashing off the floor against her butt. A couple times, the slippery tile caused her to fall out of her squatting position and her butt to hit the floor. But she kept going.

About half a minute later, when she had regained enough of her composure to notice her surroundings again, she realized that she had not closed the shower curtain, so was in quite an exposed position. She twisted her body and head around. A bit of pee was now splashing onto her foot, but she ignored it. She was focused on Danny, who was watching her intently. Danny's eyes were wide, her mouth hung open, her cheeks blushing harder than Allie had seen all day.

"You're enjoying this," Allie said, as her stream subsided to a trickle. It wasn't an accusation, it was just the truth.

"Maybe. Kind of." Danny's cheeks went even more red, darker than Allie had thought possible. "I'm happy we found somewhere for you to go."

"No, not that," Allie said, as her stream tapered to a finish and she pushed a last couple squirts out. She stood up and turned around to face Danny, a few drops of urine still rolling down her naked legs. Without the pounding need to urinate, she could finally focus and remember all the little coincidences that had happened during the day to put her in this situation. Were they really coincidences in the first place? "Giving me all that coffee, taking forever to leave at the break, making me get out of line. Did you plan it?"

"No! I mean, not at first. Not the coffee. I drank even more than you! And I couldn't have known about the line any more than you did, I thought there was no way they would schedule a break too short to let everyone take a piss. And I really was just hungry, remember I just had coffee while you ate breakfast? All that was bad luck."

Allie felt a little ashamed thinking the worst of Danny. Everything she was saying made sense. "I'm sorry. That was a low accusation."

Yet Danny still looked ashamed. "But... you're kind of right. I did enjoy seeing you have to go. I didn't do it on purpose, and I'm sorry it happened. But it's true I have this weird... thing. You were so cute that I couldn't help but enjoy it, and then I got to see how hard you were trying to make it here without pissing yourself. And your butt, and that gorgeous look on your face when you were finished going, and... And that was selfish. I'm sorry. I shouldn't have enjoyed it."

Allie wasn't sure if she should have been mad at Danny. All she knew was her cheeks had turned warm at the compliments. "It's OK. I... don't really get it. But it turned out fine. And... I'm glad you helped me in the end." Allie stepped closer to Danny, staring deep into the girl's brown eyes. "So you liked what you saw?" Danny gulped. For the first time in their conversations, Allie felt like she was the one in control. Danny, who was at least five inches taller than her, more beautiful, confident, fun, cooler under pressure, was the one lost for words.

That is, until Danny leaned down to give Allie a peck on the lips. Allie widened her eyes in surprise. Danny suddenly pulled back. She looked nervous, terrified even. "Shit, sorry, I shouldn't have done that. I don't even know if you're-"

Allie didn't let her finish the sentence. She stood on her tiptoes, pulled Danny's head back down, and planted her lips on Danny's, taking charge this time. Danny wrapped her arms around Allie's back. They stood like that, kissing and hugging, for a good ten seconds, until Allie came up for a breath. "I'm not. I mean, I don't think I am? But it still feels really nice." She went in for yet another kiss, awkwardly shoving her tongue into Danny's mouth this time. The physical relief of peeing followed by the emotional intensity of the kiss had gotten Allie's blood flowing, and what she lacked in experience and confidence, she made up for in passion. Thanks to lunch earlier, their kisses had the stale flavor of cold cuts and mayonnaise, but to Allie it was the sweetest thing she had ever tasted.

They kept at it for a while, finding their way to a changing bench where they could sit side by side. The hard wood was uncomfortable, but the only thing Allie noticed was the electric feeling of Danny snaking her hand beneath her bare butt. Eventually, Danny's shirt and bra had joined Allie's skirt and underwear on the locker room floor. They explored each other's bodies and lost track of time, until Allie happened to look up at the large analogue clock on the locker room wall.

"Shit, it's already ten minutes to three. We have to get back soon." They hurriedly clamored off the bench and started to put their clothes back on so they could go back to Park. Thankfully, Allie's underwear had now mostly dried.

"I still have to piss real bad. I'm going to use the showers myself before we leave," Danny said, some urgency coming through in her voice.

Allie shook her finger, relishing the chance to turn the tables, and also the chance to get a few last kisses and squeezes in. "Nope, no time. We need those five minutes for more kissing."

And so it happened two hours later that this time, after they had finished yelling goodbyes and promising to meet up with Jane and Sarah at the dining hall later for dinner, it was Danny who had to leave the lecture hall hunched over and desperate, leaning on Allie for support as they hobbled back to the locker room in the SRC. She thought Danny might have been playing it up a bit, but she appreciated it anyway. When they reached the showers again, Danny took off her socks and shoes, pulled down her jeans and underwear, and squatted. The stream was even longer and louder than Allie's, going on for close to a minute. "My turn to appreciate the view," Allie said with a laugh. And before Danny was even done, Allie repeated her act from the morning, pulling off her own clothes and squatting next to Danny in the shower stall, allowing their streams to mingle and as they trickled down the drain together. "Our special spot," she said. The two of them giggled.

###

I hope some people manage to enjoy this. I'm not much of a writer, but I had some fun with the characters, the setting, the scenario, and coming up with a pun for the title. This was only intended to be a one shot, but maybe I'll revisit these characters later.

