The Goddess's Champion is Afraid of Monsters

Author: Poowrite

*000*2025-05-10 03:47

Here's a story I wrote. I hope it doesn't suck.

It's basically exactly what it says on the tin. A paladin type lady gets really scared while dealing with a cursed hamlet. There is... maybe a touch of body horror toward the end. Nothing fetish-y, I just wanted to try to make the final boss scary.

###

Valerie du Aluen arrived at the hamlet of Martin's Rest to find it exactly as the Oracle of the Goddess had predicted; abandoned and stinking of dark magic. It was late in the evening, and what meager light penetrated the Mirewood's thick canopy of leaves cast foreboding shadows across the handful of structures within the hamlet's boundaries. The shadows danced as the wind blew, a macabre ballet of light and darkness that created the illusion of ephemeral beings moving through the gloom. 

It put Valeria ill at ease. The wind was cold, and carried upon it the stench of decay. The silence was concerning; Valerie would have expected to at least hear the settlers going about their evening business. If not that then putrid odor of death should have been accompanied by the incessant buzz of flies, the caw and cries of birds and beasts come to feast on the remains. Their absence told of a possibility that Valerie had anticipated but that chilled her nonetheless; what or whomever had died within Martin's Rest was not truly dead.

Blood magic. Necromancy. Undeath. These things were an affront to the Goddess, and Martin's Rest reeked of them. The long hair that framed the attractive features of her face had turned a brilliant white years ago, marking Valerie as one of the Goddess's champions. As such, it was her duty to stamp out these offensive evils. The armor that covered her tall, muscular frame had been blessed by the priesthood. The long sword at her hip, too, had been blessed and would prove deadly against whatever lurked within Martin's Rest. Despite all of this, it was no easy task that she faced. These dark magics could twist things into nightmarish horrors that lived in your memories long after they were dead. Valerie felt shame over the icy knot of fear forming in her chest.

“She will protect me. She will guide me. Her light is my sword and my shield. Her will is my will. In Her name, I triumph,” Valeria prayed, a litany that had sustained her and fortified her for years and served to steel her courage now. She pulled her sword from the scabbard at her hip and stepped into the husk of Martin's Rest.

The hamlet had no gate, but Valerie knew when she had crossed the boundary. It was like passing through an invisible curtain that separated Martin's Rest from the world. She felt the dark magic in the air, passing through her like a wraith on the wind. Her skin crawled at the sensation. It was as if the world itself sensed the Goddess's blessing within her and rejected her for it. Dread twisted in her chest, and Valerie felt a sudden, strong urge to empty her bladder. She swallowed the fear, repeated her prayer, and pressed on.

Martin's Rest was not a large hamlet. A handful of small structures dotted either side of the hard road running through the center of the settlement, homes Valerie supposed, and one larger structure beyond those. Valerie couldn't see for certain, but this was most likely the inn. This building seemed to swallow what meager light leaked in through the canopy of leaves above her. Her heart beat faster as she watched the structure, and she knew that this must be the source of the dark magic. She pressed on toward the inn, but then a new sound intruded on the eerie silence.

From a long shadow to her left, Valerie heard the low snarl of a dog.

No, not a dog, she realized as she turned to face the noise. Not anymore. This was much worse.

A creature shambled from the shadows, once canine features twisted and corrupted by dark magic. The beast's back was hunched and bulbous. It's face and snout dotted with what Valerie swore were eye sockets, but they were hollow... empty and red and dark as midnight. It's lips pulled back as it snarled, revealing a mouth that was impossibly wide. Even in the gloom, Valerie could see the exposed, razor sharp teeth. It walked with an uneven gait, it's legs misshapen... either too long or too short or too wide to provide the beast with a proper base. The monster's mouth opened and a long tongue uncoiled, so serpentine that Valerie swore she heard it hissing.

When she felt the soggy heat between her legs, Valerie realized that it wasn't the creature that was hissing. She had lost control of her bladder and a stream of hot urine was flooding into her undergarments. She squeezed her thighs together in a desperate attempt to staunch the flow, but it was too late for that. Pee soaked through her undergarments, and a wet stain blossomed across her crotch and backside.

She felt her cheeks growing hot with shame as warmth rushed down her legs. The golden flood favored her right side, and she felt the leg of her trousers clinging wetly to her thigh. The dark stain raced down from her crotch, tracking the progress of her accident. Urine poured into her boot and soaked her sock.

The not-dog creature lunged at her, it's massive paw swiping through the air with vicious intent. Distracted by her humiliating situation, Valerie was slow to react. The paw smashed into her breastplate. The blessed steel kept the razor-sharp claws from raking through to her flesh, but the impact sent her reeling backwards. She stumbled, but managed to keep her balance. Warmth rushed down the back of her left thigh, the motion of her body redirecting the stream that still ran from between her legs.

The beast sprang forward on powerful legs, it's impossibly wide mouth open. Valerie had just enough time to angle the flat of her blade between her body and the beast's maw. It's body crashed into her with tremendous force. The impact would have knocked her to the ground and left her pinned beneath the beast. That would have been the end of her, but as fate would have it there was a structure just behind her that allowed Valerie to stay upright.

Valerie slammed into the structure, grimacing in pain, fighting to keep the air from being driven out of her. Her knees buckled, but she kept her feet. The beast snarled, it's jaw snapping over and over just inches from her armor, it's deadly teeth kept at bay by nothing more than the blade of her blessed sword. The beast's breath was hot and putrid on her face. The weight of it pressed her against the wall, squeezing her until the pressure became painful and it was difficult for her to draw breath.

At last, Valerie managed to find her footing. She could never hope to overpower the beast, so instead she used the blade of her sword and the wall behind her for leverage and turned sharply. The beast's momentum sent it crashing headfirst into the wall. Valerie, free from the pin, spun and thrust her blade forward. The weapon plunged into the flank of the monster's left shoulder. Instead of blood, a puff of black dust burst from the wound and the not-dog creature let out a howl of rage and fury and pain that froze Valerie's blood.

Valerie pulled her blade free and the beast spun on her. It raised its right paw and bore its razor sharp claws. However, the injured left leg could not support the beast and it collapsed. Valerie dropped to her knees at the same time, the tip of her blade pointed downward and driving through the top of the beast's skull. It spasmed once... then was still.

Gasping for air, Valerie forced herself to her feet. She brushed the foul black dust from her gleaming armor and watched as the husk of the creature she'd killed crumbled away like ash in the wind. Though her armor had protected her from sustaining any serious injuries, her body ached following the confrontation. There would be bruises, but none so big as the bruise to her ego.

She frowned deeply as she took in the state of her trousers. They were soaked through. A sopping stain streaked all the way down her right leg. The sock inside her right boot was wet as well, and dark streaks ran down the back of her left thigh. Ephemeral wisps of steam wafted from the wet material as the warm urine cooled in the chilly air. She was ashamed, uncomfortable, and wanted nothing more that to trudge back to where she'd left her squire and her mount to wash up and replace her sodden clothing with something clean and dry. But, she refused to allow this display of cowardice to delay her mission. She would see to whatever had befallen Martin's Rest, then see to herself.

She continued her approach to the inn, ignoring the wet squishing from her sock. She was struck again by the emptiness, the stillness. That she had only encountered the one monster so far was as much a relief as it was a concern. About her she saw stables. Pens. There had been livestock here, and pets as well. If they had been corrupted by the dark magic then they could be out roaming the woods, endangering anyone who happened to be passing through. This would have to be investigated and dealt with, but that was a job for mercenaries and adventurers. She'd put out the call when her work, eliminating the source of the dark magic, was complete.

The air grew heavier the closer she came to the inn. The magic was thick here. It felt like a weight on her shoulders. Like she was trying to walk through tar. She could feel it penetrating her body, trying to corrupt her like it had done to the dog. Like it had likely done to all of Martin's Rest. She felt her stomach churn at the thought of becoming an abomination herself, and had no choice but to have faith that the Goddess's blessing would protect her.

There was a single door to the inn made of heavy wood. The hinges creaked as she leaned her weight on the door, forcing it open. The sound chilled her... it was as if the building itself were protesting her intrusion. She stepped over the threshold.

Inside was black as pitch. No light from the setting sun penetrated into the interior. As she stepped into the blackness, the door suddenly slammed shut behind her. The darkness was immediate and total. Valerie felt her heart leap into her throat, strangling a cry of alarm before it could form.

She turned to run, fumbling for the door. The blood magic had grown stronger, heavier. It pressed on her chest, made it difficult to breathe. She found the door and threw her weight against it, but it refused to budge. She was trapped.

“Goddess help me. Grant me strength, grant me Your light,” she whispered, praying fervently. Her prayers for light were answered as the blade of her sword began to glow, pushing back the shadows and illuminating an empty tavern with a soft glow.

The inn was still and silent save for the thumping of Valerie's heart and her heavy, ragged breathing. She took a cautious step forward, then another, straining her eyes in the darkness for anything that might be the source of the dark magic. From behind, a sound like raw meat slapping the floor drew her attention.

She spun toward the sound, the weak light of her sword illuminating the bar at the back of the room. A misshapen, bulbous hand sat atop the counter. It was hard to see with the meager light, but Valerie almost swore she could make out the features of a human face within the hand. It was distorted, what might have been the nose and mouth smashed and twisted at awkward angles as if the face were being pressed against glass. She had almost convinced herself that she was seeing things when an eye on the back of the hand opened and stared directly at her.

The thing, whatever it was, rose from behind the bar. Valerie's breath caught in her throat as she watched the impossible creature unfold itself. It was massive; easily half again as tall as Valerie herself and wide as two men. It was vaguely human-shaped though the proportions were wrong. The arms were too long. The legs were too short. The head was a malformed mess. There were places where it's flesh sagged. Others where it seemed unnaturally taut with strange protrusions that Valerie realized with horror were hands and feet and human faces.

This... thing... was what remained of the people of Martin's Rest. The dark magic had... melted them together into this abomination. This parody of mankind, the Goddess's greatest creation. Valerie's stomach churned as the monster turned toward her, opened its many mouths, and released an unearthly wail that was like all the souls of the damned crying out at once.

Valerie's bowels loosened. Her sphincter relaxed and the contents of her stomach erupted violently into her pants. Formless mush poured out from between her cheeks, quickly filling the empty space in her breeches. It pushed a lumpy bulge into the seat of the garment, which began to sag heavily as it filled. The hardy material fit snugly and didn't have much ability to expand. Back pressure forced the loose mess to climb toward her tailbone, filling the crevice between her cheeks on the way up. It oozed outward as well, squeezing into the pockets beneath the curve where her rump gave way to her legs. It squished through her undergarment and slid down the back of her thighs, wet lumps tracking it's progress. The sticky mess got halfway down either leg before Valerie's bowels were emptied, but she barely realized it had happened. She could only stand there, frozen in terror as the abomination lumbered toward her, still crying it's terrible cry.

It reached out and she was too slow to react. It grasped her left shoulder and she felt a chill so cold that it burned her arm all the way down to the tips of her fingers. She cried out in agony as the beast squeezed her, the dark magic that sustained it pouring into her, trying to corrupt her. Trying to pull her into the creature and make her a part of it. Her blessing protected her from this fate, but the pain was exquisite. Tears blurred her vision as she fought through it, bringing her sword to bear with her right arm. It flashed as she brought it up and severed the creature's arm, affording her an opportunity to step away.

Her left arm dropped uselessly to her side. Her fingers curled and stiffened. It felt as if every muscle in her hand were pulling into a crippling cramp. She gritted her teeth at the pain, but had to push through it. She had to defeat this... this thing.

Unlike the not-dog from before, this monster didn't seem to feel pain. It was unaffected by the loss of its arm and as it shambled toward her, new arms spouting from it's chest and abdomen and legs to replace the one she had removed. Its many mouths continued to cry out. Its many eyes tracked her as she backed away.

She ducked and slipped by the grasping arms, a shiver running down her spine as the fingers of the new hands brushed against her. She spun and brought her sword down in a hard chop. It bit deep into the monster's shoulder, but with only one arm the cut wasn't deep enough to put the thing down. As Valerie withdrew her blade she saw several long, waggling tongues burst forth from the wound.

The beast backhanded her hard and sent her sprawling. The mess in her pants squished sickeningly as she fell onto her backside, but she didn't think about this. She couldn't or the thing would be upon her again. She scrambled to her feet, barely avoiding being caught in the monster's grasp for a second time.

“She will protect me. She will guide me,” Valerie said to herself, steeling her heart with the words. The beast reached for her again, and Valerie took off its hand with a clean swipe. Several smaller hands, like the hands of children, sprouted from the stump as Valerie dodged out of the way of the lumbering beast, maneuvering to its backside.

“Her light is my sword and shield. Her will is my will.” She drove the point of her blade through the back of the monster's leg, then savagely ripped it out the side. The monster wobbled. It may not have felt pain, but it still needed a base on which to stand. It dropped to a knee and this position gave Valerie a clear opening.

“IN HER NAME I TRIUMPH!” Valerie cried. Ignoring the explosion of agony from her left arm, she gripped the hilt of her sword with both hands. With every ounce of strength she could muster, she brought the blade down in one violent chop. It cut into the wound she had made on the monster's shoulder and went all the way through. The constant wailing stopped suddenly, plunging the inn into silence as the monster fell in two halves... and was dead.

The light from Valerie's sword faded and the weapon clanged to the ground as it slipped from her grasp. She collapsed heavily, her body aching and her left arm in agony. She felt the weight in the seat of her pants and realized what had happened, but barely had the strength to care. Her vision swam... swam... then faded to black.

When she woke the sun had come out. Shafts of golden light drove through the canopy of leaves above. It was late morning, or perhaps early afternoon which meant she had been out the whole night. She was outside the inn and wrapped in a bedroll. She sensed no trace of the dark magic that had cursed Martin's Rest, save for the lingering pain in her left arm.

She groaned, rubbed the sleep from her eyes, and took in her surroundings. Someone had set up camp just outside the inn. She saw two horses tethered at the stable, one of them her own mount. As she scanned the area, her eyes alighted upon her breeches hanging from a nearby line and she felt heat rising in her cheeks at the memory.

“I got the stains out of the pants, but your undergarments... well... they were a lost cause,” Valerie turned toward the voice and saw her young squire, Anna, sitting near a small fire tending a pot of stew.

“Of... of course...” Valerie said, feeling the color rising sharply in her cheeks.

“I felt the dark magic dissipate, but you never returned to camp,” Anna explained. “So, I came looking for you. Your injuries were severe, but nothing I couldn't handle.” Valerie glanced down. She'd been wrapped tightly in bandages, though she could still see purple bruises peeking out from beneath the cloth. “Except your arm. Is it going to be okay?”

Valerie looked at her left arm. The veins in her wrist were thick and black, the fingers still curled tight and the whole thing ached fiercely. But, with the source of the blood magic eliminated the pain was not as intense as before and she was able to wiggle her fingers, if only slightly. “Corruption from the blood magic,” she said. “The Goddess's blessing will heal it over time. Thank you for your care, Anna.”

Her squire smiled and nodded. “If you are feeling up to it, we can begin recording your account of events,” Anna asked. “The Oracle and the Priestesses will want a full account of what happened. Every detail.” Valerie felt her cheeks blush and her eyes darted quickly to her pants. “Mmm, perhaps not every detail...” Anna clarified.

“Of course,” Valerie responded. She sat up, leaning back against the wall of the inn where she had very nearly lost her life, waiting patiently as Anna prepared a bowl of stew for her. Then, she retold the tale, starting from the moment she'd arrived at Martin's Rest...

