The long walk home

Author: peepantsrunner

*000*2023-03-21 18:37

Each time Maddie reached her hands into the warm dish water, she felt a tingle between her thighs, her bladder's way of reminding her it was getting full. "Shut up, bladder!" She thought to herself. "I'm almost finished with these dishes and then I'll take care of you." Of course, Maddie knew that she could go now if she really needed to. The bathroom in the kitchen she worked at was only two steps away, it's just that she was in a hurry as these dishes were all that stood between her and punching out for the night. Besides, it's not like having to pee felt bad or anything. In fact, it actually felt pretty good to Maddie, although she would never admit even to herself that that's why she often put off going to the last minute. She wasn't some kind of freak, after all.

The last dish was finally spotless, and although Maddie's black work pants were wet, it was only from spilled dishwater. She had long ago noticed how these pants looked shiny for a couple minutes when water first wet them, but it quickly soaked in and became almost invisible. Finished with her task, she opened the bathroom door, only to find the toilet disassembled. "Hey guys, what's the deal with the toilet?" she yelled out to whoever would answer. "It's busted" came from somewhere out in the dining room. "As you can see, I tried to fix it, but I think it's a job for Luke."

Luke was the overnight maintenance and deep cleaning guy, and he showed up whenever he felt like it. It'd probably be another hour. "Ok, I guess I'll use the customer bathrooms" Maddie said as she moved toward the lobby. Her manager cut her off and told her it had better be an emergency because those were already clean for the night. It wasn't an emergency yet, but Maddie knew her walk home would take her into that territory. Maybe she secretly wanted to feel that desperation, or maybe she was just too shy to admit that she truly needed to pee right now, but Maddie pretended to be perfectly fine. She quickly said her goodbyes, punched out, and headed into the night.

As Maddie walked down well-lit sidewalks through town, she started to have some doubts about her decision to hold her pee. She had been sweating a little working in the hot kitchen all night, and now that she was out in the cool night air, her bladder was filling much more quickly than it had been before. Her desperation was starting to come in waves of intensity. "Just hang on, bladder" she thought to herself. "You can do this!" She set her will to holding her pee and walking as fast as she could.

It was only another block, however, before Maddie felt the tiniest trickle of pee escape. It was barely enough to pass her pussy lips and slightly dampen her panties. A warning shot from her bladder telling her it had had enough. "Well, you're just going to have to take some more!" she silently told her bladder. She still had several blocks to walk through town, a big field to cut through, and lastly a few residential streets to turn down to make it back to her apartment.

Another block, and another spurt of pee forced it's way out. Maddie instinctively jammed her hands between her thighs, cutting off the flow. She just as quickly pulled her hands away, equally desperate not to draw attention to herself as she was to pee. It was late, but not so late that she had the sidewalk to herself, and those new LED street lights made it far too bright for her to walk around holding herself unnoticed.

Maddie was scared to death that someone would see the wet spot on her pants and know she had wet herself a little. Looking down, however, she saw that the shiny spot was quickly blending into the black of the fabric and disappearing. Just as it faded, though, another wave of desperation sent another leak of pee into her pants, making the wet spot shiny again and growing it from the size of a quarter to that of a silver dollar.

"Ok," Maddie thought to herself, "it looks like the name of the game is called Don't Pee Yourself Right Before Walking Past Anyone." She reasoned that all she had to do was focus on keeping things tight in the moments when she was about to be close to people, and she could walk home dribbling here and there along the way.

The next few minutes went by according to plan. Another block, another leak, another block, another leak. Maddie was wet about a quarter of the way down her thighs by this point, as well as a bit of spread forward and backward from her pussy. She was actually starting to enjoy her little game, although she pretended not to. The only thing worrying her was that the leaks were coming closer together and were starting to get a lot harder to stop. When it became a near-constant drip, she came to a horrifying realization that she wasn't going to make it home.

Maddie had made her peace with coming home in wet pants, but what she couldn't possibly live with was the idea that she would be seen wetting them. She would die of embarrassment if she was caught. She started frantically thinking if there was anywhere she could make it to closer than home. There was one restaurant still open, but what if she went in and lost control right in the dining room in front of everyone eating? No, her last hope was to make it to the field and pop a squat in it.

The thought of dropping her pants and letting all that pee gush from her pussy onto the ground must have gotten her poor bladder excited, because the last block before the field was even worse than before. Maddie was now struggling to walk normally and could feel pee leaking into her panties with every step she took. She finally made it into the field, only to find a group of kids from her neighborhood out playing ball in it. "What the fuck!" she screamed in her head. "Why aren't they in bed or something by now?" Maddie wouldn't have to walk anywhere near their game to cut through the grassy field, but she knew the moonlight was too bright to get away with peeing there now.

Maddie didn't know what to do. She knew she wasn't going to make it home, and her last hope had just been crushed. Then a crazy idea came into her mind. She had already been peeing in her pants for the last twenty minutes, right? And the only bad thing about it was that her pants became visibly wet for a minute or two when they were freshly wet. She had a minute or two before she finished crossing the field. On the other hand, if she tried to hold it, she might make it across the field only to lose control under much brighter lighting.

Knowing she was wasting valuable soak-in time thinking, Maddie quit thinking and started peeing. "You win this time!" she told her bladder. The relief was the greatest thing she had ever felt before, causing her to close her eyes and sigh a little as she walked. She could feel pee spreading far up the front of pants, as well as most of the way up her ass in the back, and she didn't care at all. She could hear her pee hissing out of her wildly tingling pussy and pushing noisily through her panties, but she knew the sound wouldn't carry very far over the night sounds of crickets and owls.

Soon, her pee reached the bottoms of her pant legs and began flying off in droplets as she continued to walk. As long as that stopped before she entered her neighborhood, she didn't care about that, either. A new sound joined the symphony of pee as her socks began to squelch in her shoes. That was fine, too. Maddie didn't care about anything at all except how good it felt to let go, and she couldn't even pretend she didn't like it anymore.

At last, Maddie's pee tickled to a stop. She still had half the field to walk, and she hoped it would be enough time to finish dripping and look like she wasn't soaked in pee as she walked past her neighbor's windows. She knew stopping to inspect herself would only draw attention, so she took a step of faith out of the field. Her step of faith, however, left a footprint of urine on the sidewalk. The sight of that scared Maddie so much that she would have wet herself if she hadn't just finished wetting herself already. Luckily, her shoes stopped leaving prints before she got anywhere near her door. If anyone saw them, they wouldn't know they were hers.

Maddie reached the door to her apartment, unlocked it, and stepped inside with no further incident. Once safely inside, she stood leaning with her back to the door, too dumbstruck by what happened to take another step quite yet. She couldn't believe she had just peed her pants, by accident at first and then on purpose! She couldn't believe she had gotten away with it, too! Mostly, she couldn't believe how much she had liked doing it! As she started stripping her soaked clothes off on her way to the shower, she made a decision she couldn't have imagined herself making only an hour before: she would never use the bathroom before leaving work again.

*002*2023-03-21 20:04

@scinosensation

Well in a way, it did. There's no shortage of instances of people saying on here "I couldn't hold it walking home one day and had an accident" or "a genuine accident is what led me to having this kink." This story was my attempt to fill that basic plot out with the character's thoughts and sensations, and turn it into an enjoyable piece of erotica.

*005*2023-03-22 16:29

@AlmostWet

Absolutely. I'm working on something new right now, as well as cleaning up some older stuff from when I was too shy to actually post anything, including a follow-up to this story. Glad you liked it.

*007*2023-04-07 08:39

Chapter two

;/87855-the-long-walk-home-ii/

*008*2023-04-08 19:22

Chapter three here. I'll just keep them added to this thread to cut down on clutter on the fiction page.

Well, shit. Maddie sat on the couch, motionless except for the occasional trickle of pee dribbling out of her exhausted pussy. How was she supposed to go to work with her bladder essentially broken? Not by sitting on the couch, that's for sure. "Ok, bladder. I'm going to get up and clean up my mess. I need you to try holding your pee in for five minutes, ok? We'll start with five at a time and go from there."

Maddie stood up, feeling a flood of pee run from the seat of her pants all the way down both legs. She looked at the drops hitting the floor and added mopping to her mental checklist of tasks. Inside, she was absolutely panicking, but Maddie forced herself to slow her breathing and focus on one thing at a time.

First, Maddie took a lightning-fast shower that she hoped was enough to get the smell of piss off her. Then she called her friend Jessica and asked for a ride to work. She knew she was running the risk of having an accident in her friend's car, but figured that the much shorter travel time gave her better odds of arriving at work dry. Besides, she was already late enough as it was. While she waited on Jessica to arrive, Maddie hurriedly mopped, threw the trash bags that she had used to cover the couch into the trash, and put the towels as well as all her wet clothes into the wash. A honk told Maddie that her ride was here, so she made one last sweep of the apartment to make sure she had left no evidence of her day full of wetting, peed in the toilet for the first time all day, and left.

Jessica was her usual chatty self, talking a mile a minute for the entire brief ride, but Maddie could barely follow what she was saying, as her entire focus was on holding her pee in without showing any signs of it. "Maddie, are you even listening?" She realized that Jessica had asked her the same question at least twice now, and struggled to remember what it had been. "Oh, yeah. Well, no. I'm worried about getting to work so late. Sorry." The truth was that a wave of desperation had just shot from Maddie's pussy to the very tips of her extremities and echoed back to her core. She knew there couldn't be much pee in her bladder yet, but her pussy was quivering with the effort of holding anything in at all.

They pulled into the parking lot with Maddie's pants still dry, although she suspected her panties might have been a little damp. The feeling between her thighs was so intense that she could no longer be sure what was desperation and what was leaking. Maddie quickly told Jessica, "okthanksfortherideIgottagobye!" and practically ran out of the car towards the restaurant and the bathrooms inside. "Maddie, wait!" her friend yelled. She turned back to see what Jessica wanted, and realized she'd left her door wide open. She doubled back, nearly slammed it in her haste, and made a second dash for relief.

"Oh good you're finally-" Maddie didn't hear the end of Susan's greeting/reprimand at her tardiness; she rushed straight past her to go pee before even clocking in. Safely inside the stall, Maddie yanked her black work pants down, slammed her perky ass onto the toilet seat, and then had an idea. She had to jam her fingers between her lips and right over her pee hole to buy herself enough time to check, but when she did, she found that her light blue cotton panties were, in fact, soaked through the crotch already. She knew from experience that her pants only showed wetness if it was really pouring through, and since the panties were already wet, what was the harm in wetting them a little more?

Maddie half stood, pulled her panties back up, and sat again. This time, she let go and peed straight through them into the toilet. Just as she had hoped, she was able to keep the wet spot from growing much at all by sitting with her pussy pointed down and peeing forcefully enough to shoot the stream more or less right through the thin fabric. It didn't feel as good as losing it in pants and feeling it soaking her ass and legs, but it was enough that Maddie had to resist the urge to touch herself and make herself even more late. She squeezed as much pee out of her panties as she could wring out, pulled her pants back up, and checked herself in the mirror. Her wet panties did make a wet spot on her pants, but it was very small, deep between her thighs, and on black fabric. Nobody would notice. If anything gave her away, it would be the red flush of arousal in her cheeks.

Maddie stepped out of the bathroom and right into the dinner rush in the kitchen. She was immediately so busy that she forgot to be self-conscious about the dampness surrounding her pussy. She was absorbed in the task of getting orders out on time when a sudden leak brought her back to the trouble she was in. "Hang on, bladder. Just give me a minute and I'll go take care of you!" But her bladder didn't give her a minute; Maddie felt a very long and powerful leak wet her pants about three inches down her thighs. "Shit! Shit! Shit!"

Maddie barely stopped the flow. She knew if she stopped to examine the damage, she would only draw more attention to it. She had to hope that nobody would notice if she just kept moving. Only a few minutes and one more small leak later, there was a slight lull in the action, and Maddie sprinted to the bathroom. She leaked again as she frantically fumbled with her belt, got it finally, and sat down to pee through her soaked panties again. She closed her eyes and let out a long sigh as she relieved herself, and could've just sat there and basked in the afterglow of relief, but she knew she needed to clean up and get back in the kitchen. She dabbed as much pee as paper towels would soak up from her pants, washed her hands, and went back to work.

The rest of the shift went on in much the same way, although Maddie's bladder was gradually recovering some ability to hold. Well, she thought it was until it was time to close up and start washing the dishes. Every time she reached into the warm, soapy water, a shiver of desperation went down her spine and forced her to focus on clamping her pussy muscles tight. Even between waves, she found herself doing a pee dance despite multiple trips to wet her panties in the bathroom and keep her bladder empty.

"Damn, Maddie, do you always shake your ass that much when you do dishes? If so, I got $20 and a full sink at my house." Maddie froze. How long had Brad been watching her from behind? Brad was an asshole, but mostly harmless. Maddie gave him the finger, and said, "Don't you have some work to do?" "Yeah, but I'd rather watch you dance around," he said. Maddie kept her finger up, and pointed the spray nozzle of the sink at him with her other hand. Hands raised in surrender, Brad fucked off to do his job, and Maddie rushed into the bathroom to wet her panties again.

@@----

Clocking out at last, Maddie couldn't believe how many close calls she had had, and yet managed to get through the shift undiscovered. She was looking forward to a nice, relaxing accident alone in what she now referred to as her "peeing field" on the walk home, when she noticed all her co-workers were hanging out around the picnic table that served as the employee break area. "Come join us!" John called and waved her over. Maddie was just wondering if it was worth the risk that she would pee herself at the table, when he added, "we're about to light this joint." Well that settled it: she was going to roll the dice with her bladder one more time.

The table itself was already crowded, so Maddie had an excuse to sit in the grass next to it and not have to worry about leaving a pissy butt-print on the bench. She sat with her knees up, and her feet flat on the ground, which would make sure any leaks she might have would only soak her ass and not the backs of her thighs as well. This turned out to be a wise choice, because before too many rounds of puff, puff, pass, Maddie was calling it puff, puff, piss. She'd already been dribbling steadily down her ass crack for several minutes when she coughed on the smoke. A long spurt hissed out of her pussy. Jenny asked what that noise was, and Maddie said she thought it must be an animal nearby.

Normally, Maddie might've taken this near-miss as her cue to leave, but she was starting to get a nice buzz going and wasn't doing her best thinking at the moment. "Ok bladder, I can tell you're going to pee anyway, so, just do it nice and slow and quiet for me, ok?" Letting herself pee but trying to do it as gradually as possible was the sweetest agony. She longed to just let it all come gushing out, but knew that would be really obvious. It took nearly three full minutes of slowly trickling her pee out into the grass below, but finally she was empty. Maddie decided to make her exit before her bladder filled up again and she lost it too early in the well-lit section of her walk home.

Maddie immediately realized she should have waited a little longer before standing up. The warm puddle she had made under herself hadn't had time to fully soak into the ground, and now it was running down the backs of her legs! To buy herself time for her pee to soak into the fabric, she backed away from the group, stretching out a long goodbye to everyone to make it less awkward. She couldn't just back her way all the way around the corner and out of sight, though, so eventually she just had to turn around and hope for the best. She knew Brad at least would be looking at her butt as she walked off, but if anything looked different about it tonight, he didn't yell out, "hey Maddie did you pee your pants?" or anything, so she was probably in the clear. Probably.

Maddie couldn't believe how close she had come to getting caught time and time again. She was feeling pretty bulletproof after that, and feeling pretty high, too. That's why she didn't even try to hold it until she got to the dark field by her apartment. She just relaxed as she walked, and let her pee flow freely. After keeping her drinks to a minimum all night in an effort to avoid an accident, there wasn't even that much pee in her, but she let it out anyway. It felt nice to stop worrying about making it to a toilet or being seen. It was a nice night out altogether. Maddie was just thinking about the nice hot shower she would take soon, and wondering if tonight would be the night she finally wet the bed, when she let herself into her apartment.

There was just one thing that was bothering Maddie: Amanda was always good about turning the TV off before she went to bed. So, why was the TV on now? Then her very high brain noticed Amanda sitting on the couch watching the TV! "Oh, hey there, Amanda. You're up late." Maddie was too stoned to think of anything better to say. "Hey there, yourself, Maddie. I just got in late and decided to unwind for a bit before trying to go to sleep. You really smell like pee, by the way. Did you have an accident or something?"

*010*2023-04-08 21:21

@scinosensation

I know what I'm going to do with the next chapter already, I just haven't gotten time to type it out yet. Hopefully it'll be up soon. Glad you're liking these.

