Dream Wetting- my own personal fantasies

Author: piperlemon

*000*2016-10-28 11:21

Let me start off by saying this is from my own personal fantasies and someday i hope it will come true. I'll be doing it in third person using my RP name, Piper. Hope you enjoy my dirty little secret ;D

Her 18th birthday finally came, and Piper couldnt be more excited. Even though she had just become an adult she had never felt more like a woman than that night. Her friends took her out for a night on the town and she looked stunning. She wore a tight fitting black dress with mesh revealing cleavage and a bit of her hourglass waist. She thought she looked beautiful. They went out to a party to have a good night and celebrate her transition into adulthood. Now Piper didnt drink but tonight she was feeling adventurous and let her friends make her one drink. And did they make a drink. That poor girl. They gave her a large homemade strawberry wine punch, not waning to make it too strong for her virgin alchohol tolerence.

And mind you, Piper was all virgin. This poor girl still held her Vcard! But now that she moved from young teen to young adult she felt she was ready to finally lose it. Boy did she not know what she had coming. The party was amazing, great dance music, beautiful men, and fun times with her friends. The drink gave her a light buzz but she nursed some water throughout the night to keep herself hydrated. At around 1 am, when a party usually reaches its peak, she slipped away from her group to find her way to a bathroom. Now they had rich friends whose houses were HUGE, for the area anyways.

With her light buzz and unfamiliarity with the home she got lost. Fast. She could feel a tight twinge in her lower abdomen, her bladder wasnt happy, esspecially holding the new liquid thats never touched her tongue before. She winced a bit and squeezed her legs together quick, she wasnt used to being so desperete so soon, mind you this was a woman that could hold her liquid for hours on end. It was completely new to her this feeling of nearly wetting herself. She began to panic a bit, she had always wanted to have a real accident but never imagined it may happen at a party on her 18th birthday.

Her hand skimmed the wall as she searched harder for the restroom, there were people scattered every now and then away from the main party but she didn't know anyone to ask where the restroom was, she was much to shy. In her distracted search for the restroom she completely overlooked the 6'3 wall of muscle she slammed right into. In her shock she lost her balance and fell back on her ass,the force of the fall made her bladder ache painfully. she let out a gasp and put her hand between her legs, not concerned at all that her dress hiked up above her hips to show a lacy black thong, a piece of clothe that wouldnt catch a drop of the waterfall that her bladder held. The wall of muscle turned around and looked down at the little 5'2 Piper.

It was her crush of 4 years, the gorgeous school jock, and known fuck boy, Justin. She looked up as his hand came into view,"need some help there? dont know how you didnt see me" he chuckled a bit and it made her body, lower body, twinge with a different ache, something she had never felt before. Her cheeks turned bright red and she took his hand gently,forgetting her need to pee as he helped her up carefully. She blushed even more when she realized there was nothing left to the imagination with her dress hiked up so high.

She quickly yanked it down and laughed nervously,"s-sorry i-i was uhm....l-looking for the restroom..." as she said restroom she remembered her need to pee and it came back with a vengance so strong she gasped and fully grabbed her crotch. His eyes widened in shock as he watched her nearly lose control,"oh shit yea. here follow me" he lead her down a different hall, she oddly noticed how empty it was. He lead her into a bedroom and shut the door," theres a bathroom in here, i figured youd want a bit more privacy" as he said that he stood in front of the now closed bedroom door, standing there tall and handsome and watching her squirm in place. She nodded and ran to the bathroom, too desperete to care that the door was wide open. He smirked a bit to himself and locked the door quietly and slowly walked to the bathroom to see her squirming harder, hands holding herself under her dress as she read a little sign on the toilet that read "THIS ONE DOESNT WORK, SORRY".

She mentally cursed and looked up to see the 6'3 man watching her,"oh shoot....i guess i forgot" but she had a small idea he knew that it was unuseable. She whimpered,"i-i cant hold it....m-much longer" tears stung her eyes as she felt a bit of pee escape her and drip through her fingers. She thought she saw a bit of lust in his eyes. "hmmm...well...theres the shower?" he nodded to the shower behind her. She looked up at him,"y-yea...i-ill do that...u-uhm..." she stepped into the shower, the doors were glass and were very clear so he could see everything. "well....are you gonna go?" he smirked. She frowned,"b-but your still in the room...?"

He nodded,"i know....i wanna see you pee..." his voice dropped and became husky with clear cut desire. Her body had never ached harder. She let out a little gasp and closed her eyes as she felt her body lose control, another small gush of pee gushed through her fingers. "b-but its emberassing...." he chuckled softly,"i know you like me Piper....and i wanna see how much you like me....prove it to me...pee in front of me...now" he demanded,his eyes on her wiggling hips. It was as if a switch was flipped, her urethra just seemed to give up and pee gushed forth through her thong. She let out a little moan as the relief was amazing, she moved her wet hands aside and let the pee gush between her legs and splattered onto the shower floor. His eyes went from her stream to her shivering body to her pleasure filled expression.

Her pee seemed to last forever, at least to her, but when it finally ended she was left breathless and wet, in more ways than one. He seemed to sense that because he shed his shoes and socks suddenly and stepped into the shower, right in her small pee puddle, and took her in his arms and kissed her suddenly. She was taken aback for a moment but she soon melted into his kiss, it was like the kiss of an angel, one she had been dreaming of all through highschool. His hands rubbed her skinny waist before trailing to her volumptous ass and squeezed hard. She let out a small gasp and blushed," w-wait what...?" she slowly pushed him away, they were breathless. He chuckled," i want you Piper...i want all of you...." she blushed a bit," b-but...im a virgin" he nodded,"i know...i want to be your first....will you let me?" she blushed and nodded. "yes....please...be my first..."

He would hear nothing more, yanking the small girl into his arms, wrapping her wet legs around his waist and carrying her back to the bed. He nearly threw her down and yanked her dress over her head, leaving her in a black thong and matching black bra. He grinned,"black...the sexiest color on a woman in my opinion" she couldnt help but giggle a bit, but her giggle silenced when he spread Piper's legs and knelt between them,pulling the thong to the side. "W-WAIT! " she sat up in a panic,"i-i just peed....i-im dirty..." he smirked,"i know...im gonna clean you up...i wanna taste how sweet you are..." her body throbbed once more,"o-ohhh..." she flushed pink and lay back on the bed,letting him work her up with soft kisses to her cooling pee covered thighs.

He licked along her thigh and brought her legs to rest on his shoulders as he buried his face in her crotch and breathed deeply, "fuck.....you smell so good." she blushed and covered her face to hide her emberassment, but let out a tiny gasp when his tongue ran along her virgin slit. He let out a soft groan of his own as he went to town licking her up. Once she was clean he got up from the kneel and crawled over her on the bed, after shucking off his shirt of course.

Piper peeked at him through her fingers,"w-wow..." without thinking she touched his muscled chest gently, he smiled and kissed her neck gently," after this...you will go on a date with me" it wasnt a question, but a command that he growled in her ear. she shivered in delight and nodded,"i-i would love to" he chuckled and kissed her lips again,"good girl....now...undress me" he got up to kneel over her. she blushed and sat up on her elbows to look at him in his blue jeans,"mmm...okay" she sat up and popped open the button to his jeans, her hand brushing over a noticable bulge. His breathing hitched a bit. She giggled and unzipped him and he got off the bed so she could help him wriggle off his pants. Once he was left in his very bulged boxers she was too turned on to even be emberassed anymore.

He took her hand and gently placed it over his bulge, she felt his warm hardness,"this is what you did to me...." she blushed,"m-may i taste you too?" he nodded and chuckled,"i would like nothing more." and with that he yanked off his boxers and revealed an impressive 7 inch member. She blushed,"i-its my first time..." he nodded,"i know..ill help you" he took her hands and placed it on his length gently,"like this" he began to use her hands to stroke himself. She blushed and once she got the rythem he moved his hands to let her do it herself. She leaned in close and placed a kiss on his hip bone as she stroke him, his tip near her neck.

He let out a soft moan and she looked up to see his eyes closed. She blushed and moved her mouth to his tip and gently licked along his urethra, he tasted clean thankfully. His breathing hitched again and she loved it and pushed his tip into her mouth, sucking on it gently like a lollipop, using her tongue to work over his urethra like she had learned from so much research on the internet, her hands never stopping on his length. She worked like that for a bit and he was clearly getting turned on and was getting close. Then he suddenly but gently pushed her away,"i want to be inside you....are you ready..?" she was breathless and nervous but her body was aching.

She nodded and laid back on the bed. He crawled over her and lifted her hips a bit,he knew by the patch she wore she had birth control so he wouldnt have to worry about a condom,but he did produce lube from out of no where it seemed. He sat between her legs and lubed himself up before slipping a slippery finger inside her. She gasped a bit and winced,"o-ow..." she let out a soft whine and he grimaced," sorry baby...just endure it a bit longer...i dont wanna rip you." he worked his finger inside her and as he thrusted it in her she slowly began to get used to it. He added another and began to scissor them inside her to stretch her tight virgin body,his breathing was still very heavy,"your so tight...and wet....fuck i want to take you...." his voice was strained and it drove her over the edge, she orgasmed around his fingers without any warning or even realizing it was happening until she was shaking with pleasure.

He seemed to be just as shocked but he slowed his fingers inside her to let her come down from the waves of pleasure. Her hips had lifted off the bed a bit and as she came down he pulled his fingers out and rubbed his tip against her virgin opening,"i cant wait anymore i need to be inside you....i want you to be mine." he was breathing hard in her ear," d-do it" she blushed and without any more talk he shoved in his 7 inch member, breaking her virginity and burying himself deeply inside her. She let out a soft cry and her nails gripped his back hard,her hips coming further off the bed as he claimed her as his own. He stopped once he was inside her and looked down at her frozen face,"a-are you okay?" his voice held restraint as he struggled to hold himself back.

She nodded and whimpered,"i-i think so...i-it feels strange....b-but i think its okay" she blushed and giggled. "can i move...?" he nearly begged. She nodded and hugged him tightly, feeling a throbbing deep in her body,"please" he nodded an slowly pulled his hips back and pushed back into her, he stilled again but when she didnt seem to be in pain he started to pick up a slow rythem of pushing into her unbelievably tight body. They went like that for a few minutes before he began to pick up speed, grunting softly into her ear. She gasped and her nails raked down his back as she felt him shove in hard and a warm liquid ooze inside her. He panted hard and lay his sweaty forhead on her shoulder,"g-god...." he chuckled,"that was....wow..." he sat up a bit and smiled sheepishly,"sorry....i couldnt help myself..." she smiled and bit her lip,"no...i liked it...oooohhh" her eyes widened as he slowly pulled out of her already sore body.

She looked up at him and blushed softly as his eyes scanned over her nude body,"beautiful....you know what i wanna do...?" she frowned a bit,"no...what?" a sadistic smirk slipped over his lips,"mark you as my own....i wanna piss all over your body. so everyone knows your mine." he seemed to growl and her body ached deeply where he spilled his seed,"o...okay" her voice quivered a bit in excitement, her deepest darkest fantasy was about to come true. He grabbed his still wet member and held it above her body, watching her face as her eyes were glued to his tip,"here it comes baby" he groaned and suddenly pee gushed forth and right onto her belly.

The warmth made her jolt but it felt so good. He aimed his stream at her breasts, then moved down and pissed right on her slit and finished off there. The bed was soaked now but they didnt care, he lay back down and pulled her into his arms, pulling the still dry covers over them,"this is amazing..." he murmered softly to her. She nodded,feeling suddenly sleepy. He kissed her ear gently and they fell asleep,cuddled naked in a strangers bed soaked with pee. The best way to end her first time in her mind, ever

