A Day To Remember

Author: Pee Tee

*000*2024-09-20 19:35

I have always had an interest in girls weeing and my wife is well aware of a particular fantasy of mine about girls who wet their knickers, so I am lucky that, over the years, she has often indulged in this for me and together we have both enjoyed wetting as part of our sexual activities.

On one occasion we had gone out for a walk in the park, it had been a hot day and was now early evening. We were walking along holding hands when she suggested that, as it was such a lovely evening we should stop for a while, so we did just that and lay down together on the grass.

She was wearing a blouse and a short skirt. As we lay there, I began touching her, gently stroking her body with my fingers and, as I did so, I could see her nipples hardening through her blouse. We lay together in companionable silence. After a while I slowly began stroking her thighs, running my fingers along her legs and up to her short skirt until I was almost touching her knickers. I could feel my erection begin to stir and, as I heard her breathing change, I knew we were both feeling horny.

As we cuddled together and I was gently touching her she whispered to me that it felt so good she was getting quite turned on and I whispered back so was I, and I kept stroking her. A while later she sat up and, turning to me, said that I really should stop because it was making her very horny and, although it was lovely, she really needed a wee. Just hearing her say this made my erection even harder, especially when she continued to say that she hadn’t gone to the bathroom before we left because she knows it turns me on if she tells me she needs a wee when we are out together.

I asked her if she was dying to go should we leave and go home, what did she want to do? But she said no, it was ok, she was quite happy to wait because she wanted to stay and watch the sunset, so we lay down together again on the grass, watching the sky redden as the sun was going down. Lying there I couldn’t stop thinking about the situation. As my fantasy kicked in I was wondering perhaps, if she was dying to go, she was nearly wetting her knickers?

A little later, as it was getting dusk and the light was fading, we sat up to get ready to leave. Sitting quietly side by side, she turned to me and whispered, ‘I am so dying for a wee, I really do need to go, I’m nearly wetting myself,’ she paused for a moment then added, ‘You know, it would be quite easy for me to just let go and do it now.’

I looked at her, I couldn’t believe what I was hearing, my heart was beating so fast, ‘What, do you mean, wee while we are here and wet your knickers?’ I asked. ‘Yes,’ She replied, ‘I’m quite happy to do it if you would like me to?’ She knew full well that it would really turn me on if she did. ‘Would you like me to wet myself?’ I looked around but there were only a few people nearby, ‘Yes please, I would love it,’ I answered.

‘Ok, it shouldn’t be too difficult to start to go, I really am dying for a wee,’ she replied and she smiled at me and held my hand. Then, as she began to wee, she squeezed my hand, whispering in my ear, ’There, I’m doing it now, ooh, it feels all lovely and warm,’ and she giggled. Sitting in the park beside her, knowing she was weeing, wetting her knickers with other people around was making me so horny, my erection was almost bursting out of my jeans. I couldn’t believe it.

She leaned across and rubbed her hand over the bulge in my jeans, saying, ‘That’s better, I was bursting to go but I enjoyed that, now I’m feeling really horny and I see that you are too, so let’s go home.’ I leaned across and gently touched her white cotton knickers; I could feel the warm wetness between her legs. They were soaking wet. ‘Do you like that, feeling where I’ve wet my knickers?’ she whispered. ‘It feels so good, it really turns me on,’ I replied.

We stood up and she carefully pulled the hem of her short skirt down to hide the evidence that she had wet herself, then we walked slowly back through the park arm in arm, past people who had no idea what had just happened.

When we got home, we talked about our walk in the park and how daring she was to have let go and wet her knickers in a public place. She had more or less arranged to do it by deliberately not going to the bathroom before we went out, then seeing how the evening played out. We were both really turned on by the whole thing. It had made us both so horny we had a whole night of fabulous sex. By the next morning, we were so exhausted but very happy. It really had been a day to remember for ever.

*001*2024-09-20 19:46

This story is fictional but based on my favourite type of fantasy.

