Omovember 2020: Day 15

Author: PPP

*000*2020-11-16 05:25

$$

When I saw this prompt, there was only one character I could think of that would wet herself like this. Enjoy!

###

Day 15: Wetting on a dare Darkness (KonoSuba)

###

The four adventurers sat around a campfire, chatting merrily. They had completed a quest to find a rare amulet, and had stopped for the night on their way back to the guild hall. Spirits were high and drinks were flowing freely. As the girls around him continued their conversation, Kazuma Satou stared into the crackling flames. An old memory began to stir, from way back before he had been reincarnated into this fantasy world, even before he had shut himself in his room.

“You know,” said Kazuma, “I went camping once back in Japan.”

“Huh!” scoffed Aqua, the goddess who served as the party’s Archpriest. “A shut-in NEET like you going camping? That’s rich.”

“I wasn’t always a NEET!” said Kazuma defensively. “I mean, I never was!”

“What was camping like, Kazuma?” asked Megumin, the explosion-obsessed Mage of the group, trying to defuse the situation.

“It was back when I was a kid,” said Kazuma. “I went with a bunch of classmates. It was kinda fun. We roasted marshmallows and played all these dumb games: hide-and-seek, rock-paper-scissors, truth or dare…”

“‘Truth or dare?’” asked Darkness, the Crusader of the bunch. “What’s that?”

“Well, it’s pretty much what it sounds like,” Kazuma explained. “You take turns asking each other ‘truth or dare,’ and choose one to do. If you back out of the dare, you have to do the truth, and vice versa.”

“Sounds like fun!” cried Darkness, her face turning red. Kazuma wasn’t surprised; the Crusader’s masochistic tendencies were an open secret.

“Yeah, let’s play!” Megumin concurred. Aqua also voiced her agreement and the game was on.

“Okay, Darkness,” said Megumin. “Truth or dare?”

“Dare!” squealed Darkness. “Dare dare dare!”

“Okay,” said Megumin, searching for an idea, “I dare you to… to…” Inspiration struck and she grabbed the bottle of liquor Aqua was nursing. “I dare you to finish this in ten seconds!”

“Hey, that’s mine!” Aqua protested, but Darkness wasn’t listening. She took the bottle and chugged it down in half the time Megumin had given her.

“Ahh,” said Darkness, hiccuping. “That h-hits the spot!” Aqua looked like she was about to cry, but Kazuma quickly stepped in.

“Aqua,” said Kazuma, “truth or dare?”

“Hmm,” Aqua mulled, her worries forgotten. “I’ll take the truth!”

“Okay then,” Kazuma got a wicked grin on his face. “I’ve been trying to figure this out since I met you: do you wear panties or not? I mean, I’ve tried to get a look, but…”

“What?” cried Aqua, blushing. “I refuse to answer that! I’ll take the dare.”

“Very well,” said Kazuma. “I dare you to show me your panties. Or lack thereof.”

“Hey, that’s cheating!” Aqua protested.

“Hey, no backing out!” said Darkness.

“Fine then!” Aqua stood up, turned her back to her companions, and lifted up her skirt. Her round, pale backside was on full display for a couple seconds before she covered up.

“Huh,” said Kazuma, “guess she doesn’t wear them.”

“I’m not sure,” Darkness argued. “She could be wearing a thong; we didn’t get a good look.”

“I dunno,” said Megumin. “If that were the case, it’d really be riding up her butt crack.”

Everyone laughed except Aqua, and the game continued.

###

As round after round passed, Darkness started to feel all the liquids she drank flow through her. She didn’t say anything for two reasons: her enjoyment of the game, and her masochism. Darkness got off on any kind of physical torment, and holding in her pee to the point of hurting was always fun. It wasn’t her all-time favorite, but the upside was that didn’t require anyone to help; just a lot of liquid. Darkness crossed her legs and tapped her foot to try to hide her mounting desperation. She didn’t want the rest of the group catching on.

Darkness’ bladder filled up quickly, and was soon begging to be emptied. Darkness fought the urge.

Not yet, she told herself. Not until the pain kicks in. Ooh, it’ll feel so good! She shuddered with anticipation.

“Hey, Darkness! Darkness!”

“Huh?” The Crusader had been so wrapped up in her thoughts of torture that she didn’t initially. notice Kazuma calling her name. “Uh, what is it Kazuma?”

“It’s your turn now,” said Kazuma, a little irritated.

“I choose the dare!” Darkness exclaimed.

“No, no,” said Kazuma. “It’s your turn to ask me!”

“Oh. Kazuma, truth or dare?”

“Truth,” Kazuma answered. Darkness thought for a few moments.

“Okay, between me, Aqua and Megumin, which of us do you find most attractive?”

“Umm…,” Kazuma faltered as he saw the other two girls glaring at him. “I changed my mind; I’ll take the dare!”

As Darkness tried to think of a dare, her bladder gave a painful spasm. Inspiration struck!

“Kazuma, I dare you to squeeze me around the waist,” she said. Trying to hold my pee while you squeeze it out of me! It’ll be great! Kazuma looked confused, but he followed the Crusader’s command. When he wrapped his arms tightly around her midsection, Darkness clenched her abdominal muscles until they burned. Despite her best efforts, she felt a bit of urine spurt out. She gasped in delight and Kazuma pulled away, sensing things were getting awkward.

If Darkness had been desperate before, it was nothing compared to now. Her bladder was continually throbbing painfully, more pee was leaking out, and she could no longer sit still. Darkness bounced up and down on her seat, her face red and her breathing heavy. It felt so good!

“Hey Darkness,” said Megumin, “truth or dare?”

“Dare,” Darkness gasped, barely able to form coherent words.

“Are you okay?” asked Megumin.

“Looks like she really has to pee,” said Aqua.

“Hmm,” Megumin’s face lit up. “I dare you to wet yourself.”

Darkness squealed in delight. Wet myself and be humiliated in front of everyone? Could it get any better?

“I’ll do it!” she cried ecstatically.

“Megumin, what have you done?” Kazuma groaned. Darkness wasn’t listening. Heart pounding with anticipation, Darkness allowed her bladder to let go. Her pee gushed out of her, soaking her panties in a matter of seconds and forming a massive puddle beneath her dress.

“Ooooh!” moaned Darkness, now drooling with pleasure. The release felt even better than the prolonged holding. Combined with the turn-on of humiliation, she soon felt another kind of fluid leak out. Darkness sat there, panting heavily, as her golden puddle continued to grow.

Minutes passed, and Darkness’ bladder still wasn’t empty. That was fine by her; she would have made the sensation of release last forever if she could. Alas, all good things must come to an end, and Darkness eventually felt the flow of urine slow down. After the last of it dribbled out, Darkness looked down at the results. The entire front of her dress was soaked, her panties were completely sodden, and she couldn’t believe the size of the puddle she had made.

“Ah, that felt good,” she sighed. “Um, can someone help me clean up?”

“On it,” said Aqua. “Purification!” With the goddess’ spell, all the pee turned to water. “There!” she announced with satisfaction. “That should wash out more easily!”

“Ahem,” Kazuma coughed. He looked embarrassed, probably realizing he had just watched one of his companions get herself off. “I, uh, think that wraps up the game. Let’s pack it in for the night.”

“Okay,” said Darkness, heading to her tent. But there’s no way I’m going to sleep just yet. I still feel… aroused.

###

No, this won't be my last KonoSuba story...

