Omovember 2020: Day 19

Author: PPP

*000*2020-11-21 04:20

Like I said, Day 15 wasn't my last KonoSuba story. The scenario I chose for this one was an obvious choice, but I tried to put a unique twist on it.

###

Day 19: Desperate and needing assistance Megumin (KonoSuba)

###

“Explosions, explosions, la la la! Explosions, explosions, la la la!”

The happy song echoed through the forest as Kazuma and Megumin headed into the clearing. It was time for Megumin’s daily Explosion training. Kazuma took a seat on a stump as the Crimson Demon readied her signature spell.

“Darkness blacker than black and darker than dark,” she chanted, energy flowing through her staff. “I desire for my torrent of power a destructive force; a destructive force without equal! Return all creation to cinders, and come from the abyss! This is the mightiest means of attack known to man, the ultimate attack magic! Explosion!” With a deafening roar, a massive mushroom cloud erupted in the center of the clearing. Her energy drained, Megumin fell to the ground.

Kazuma headed over to Megumin and helped her up.

“Nice work,” he complimented. “Overall, I’d give it a seven out of ten. Good work, not quite great.”

“I’ll nail it next time,” said Megumin confidently. As always, she was unable to stand after casting Explosion. Kazuma crouched down and hauled her onto his back. With her riding piggyback, the two started on their way back to town.

After a little while, Kazuma noticed that Megumin was wiggling a lot. At first, he enjoyed the feeling of her tiny boobs on his back, but it soon got to be annoying.

“Will you cut that out?” he asked. “You’re gonna make me drop you!”

“Sorry,” squeaked Megumin. She held still for a few minutes, but soon was back to squirming.

“Seriously, quit it!” said Kazuma. “What’s going on with you?”

“N-nothing,” said Megumin unconvincingly. Then Kazuma realized her situation.

“You have to pee, don’t you, Megumin?”

“What?” shouted Megumin. “Don’t be ridiculous! Crimson Demons don’t p-pee!”

“Seriously?” groaned Kazuma. “You’re still trying to pull that crap? That night at the mansion, you were begging me to take you to the bathroom. You looked like you were about to piss your pants!”

“Don’t say that!” cried Megumin, wiggling worse than ever. “And I wasn’t going to the bathroom to pee!”

“Oh,” said Kazuma, “you were going to poop?”

“No!” Megumin protested. “Crimson Demons don’t do that either! I, uh, just felt like getting some exercise that night! By, um, walking to the bathroom and back!”

“You’re joking, right?” Kazuma grumbled. He wasn’t sure, but he thought he felt something wet on his back. “Right, that does it.” He crouched down and pulled Megumin off his back. “If you won’t admit you need to pee, we’re gonna have to do this the hard way.”

“Help me back up!” ordered Megumin, lying on her back like a helpless turtle. “And I don’t need to pee!”

###

Megumin was lying and she knew it. The truth was that her bladder had been slowly filling up ever since she and Kazuma set out on their walk, and now it was reaching its limit. If she was being honest with herself, she wasn’t sure why she was keeping up the lie about Crimson Demons when Kazuma clearly suspected the truth.

Plausible deniability, maybe? thought Megumin. In any case, I’ve gone too far to admit the truth now. I’ll look like an idiot! But what am I going to do about this?

“Hey, Megumin!” called Kazuma, interrupting her worrying. “Nothing can make a Crimson Demon pee, right?”

“R-right,” said Megumin. She didn’t like where this was going…

“In that case,” said Kazuma in a teasing tone, “you won’t mind if I unsheath the holy sword Excalibur?”

“No?” said Megumin, confused. What is he talking about? Then there was a rustle of fabric. Kazuma had turned his back to her and was undoing his belt. With a jolt of horror, Megumin remembered the time she had jokingly written “Excalibur” on Kazuma’s stomach, with an arrow pointing downward.

“What are you doing?”cried Megumin. But the answer soon became all too clear. She tried not to listen, but the hissing sound of Kazuma peeing was clear as day.

“Ah, that feels so much better,” he sighed. “I really had to go; I hope you understand.”

“N-no problem,” said Megumin, her bladder throbbing in protest.

It’s not fair, she thought. Guys can just whip it out like that, while I have to- no, don’t think about that! But between her desperation and the sounds of Kazuma’s relief made it hard to think of anything else. Unable to use her arms to hold herself, she squirmed on the ground.

After far too long for Megumin’s liking, the torturous noises finally stopped. Kazuma redid his belt and turned around.

“There we go,” he said. “You need to go too?”

“No!” shouted Megumin, staring awkwardly at the puddle Kazuma had left on the grass. “Just help me up and let’s get out of here.”

“Fine, you win,” sighed Kazuma. He reached down and raised Megumin to a sitting position. The movement jostled her overfilled bladder, and Megumin gasped as she felt a drop of pee leak into her panties. Another spurt followed, then another, and she realized to her horror that she would be fully wetting herself within seconds.

I have no choice! Megumin thought. She swallowed her pride and uttered the words of defeat.

“Kazuma!” she shouted, her face burning. “I have to pee!”

“Well, why didn’t you say so earlier?” asked Kazuma, feigning surprise. “Go ahead.”

Jerk! He can’t make this easy, can he? Megumin fumed.

“I can’t, I’ll wet myself!” she cried, blushing worse than ever. “I need you to pull down my panties for me!” Obliging, Kazuma went around to Megumin’s front, leaving her balanced sitting upright.

“Hey!” Megumin protested as he knelt down. “Don’t peek at my… my you-know-what!”

“I can’t do this with my eyes closed,” Kazuma pointed out.

“Just make it quick,” she begged.

In a deft tug, Kazuma pulled the slightly damp panties down to Megumin’s ankles. With nothing blocking it now, her urethra fully unclenched, letting loose with a powerful jet of pee that nearly sprayed Kazuma’s hands. He quickly backed away from the splash zone. Megumin’s stream continued in full force, forming a pale yellow puddle in front of her. A moan of relief escaped her. Letting it all out just felt so good!

Oh, I sounded like Darkness there! thought a mortified Megumin.

Gradually, Megumin’s river of pee petered out into a rivulet, then a trickle, then mere drops. The last one dripped out with a sense of finality. She sighed with relief that it was over.

“Kazuma,” called Megumin, “I’m done now!” Kazuma had at least possessed the decency to turn his back while she peed. He put her panties back into place, then hoisted her onto his back and they were off once more.

For a while, there was silence. Then Megumin spoke up.

“You know, you were a real jerk back there, Kazuma. Teasing me like that while I nearly wet myself.”

“I admit it, I got carried away,” said Kazuma ruefully. “I’m sorry, Megumin.”

“Hmph. I’ll accept your apology this time. But this better not happen again!”

“It won’t,” Kazuma assured her. “I mean, you've admitted you pee now, right?”

“Yeah,” sighed Megumin. “I didn’t want to, though.”

“Why?” asked Kazuma. “Everyone pees, even Aqua.”

“Really?”

“Oh yeah,” said Kazuma. “This one night, she got super drunk, lifted her skirt and pissed all over a wall. It made such a mess!” They both laughed.

“Oh, that’s too good!” chuckled Megumin. She paused for a moment. “I guess I didn’t want to admit I used the bathroom because… I was afraid you would think it was lame that a powerful wizard did such common things.”

“What?” said Kazuma. “Megumin, I’ve seen you create explosions big enough to level a city. Nothing, and I mean nothing, could make me think you were lame.”

“Thanks,” said Megumin. She blushed again, but not out of embarrassment this time. Then another thought occurred to her. “Hey, Kazuma?”

“Yes?”

“When you were, um, helping me earlier… did you see my private parts?” she asked.

“No!” said Kazuma. “I mean, yes. A little. I didn’t get a good look though! I’m so sorry!”

“It’s okay,” said Megumin. “As long as you do one thing to make it up to me.”

“Sure,” said Kazuma. Behind his back, Megumin grinned wickedly.

“Since you got a peek,” she whispered, “you have to let me see ‘Excalibur.’”

“What?” cried Kazuma. “But- what- I didn’t mean-” He kept sputtering awkwardly as Megumin laughed.

“Relax, I was just joking,” she assured him.

“Oh. Well, I, uh… jeez, you had me going for a moment.” He took a deep breath to calm himself. “Good one.”

“Hey, I may have accepted your apology,” said Megumin playfully, “but I just had to get a little payback.”

“Fair enough,” said Kazuma, chuckling a little. “Fair enough.”

With both of them considerably cheered up, they continued back to town.

###

This isn't my last KonoSuba story either...

