Yellow Lagoon

Author: PPP

*000*2019-12-07 04:58

Here is the second of my stories from this poll: https://www.omorashi.org/topic/52533-which-story-part-2/

. I was inspired by a image I saw on Gelbooru, which I'll link at the end.

WARNING: contains strong language and some violence. (If you've seen Black Lagoon, this should come as no surprise).

###

Roanapur, Thailand. You couldn’t find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy. Between the drug peddlers, arms dealers, and multiple mafia groups, there truly was a flavor of crime for everyone. And yet, for the Lagoon Delivery Company, this place was home. As long as your money was good, they’d deliver any cargo, no matter how illegal, with no questions asked. On this warm tropical evening, the crew was aboard their boat, the Black Lagoon, patiently awaiting the return of one of their own.

“Fuck!” groaned Revy, the group’s enforcer. “What’s taking Rock so long?”

“Easy there,” said Dutch, the leader of the crew. “He’ll get here when he gets here.”

“Whatever,” Revy grunted, opening another beer. “For every minute he’s late, I’m taking more of his paycheck.”

“All the same,” said Benny, the crew’s tech guy, “it’s not like him to keep us waiting. You don’t think something happened to him, do you?”

“Ah, don’t get your panties in a twist,” Revy jeered.

“Wha- I’m not-,” Benny started to retort, but Dutch held up a hand to silence him. A familiar figure was making his way down the docks towards them. Rock, former salaryman and newest member of the Lagoon Company, had returned.

“Well, well, well,” said Revy, “he lives and- Jesus!”

As she got a better look at Rock, she saw he was in pretty bad shape. His clothes were torn, his face was a mess of blood and bruises, and he was walking with a noticeable limp.

“Rock, talk to me!” Revy shouted, annoyed at the concern creeping into her voice. “What the hell happened to you?”

“It was those fuckers we were supposed to deliver the package to,” Rock groaned. He paused for breath as Dutch and Benny helped him onto the boat. “I showed up to their headquarters, like I was supposed to. Then I guess they decided they could stiff us. They took the goods, kicked the shit out of me, and sent me back without pay.”

“And you didn’t fight back?” asked Revy. Rock smiled grimly, showing off bloodstained teeth.

“Revy, there were about fifty of them, all armed to the teeth. I’m not getting paid enough for suicide.”

“Well, we can’t just let those assholes get away with it!” Revy snarled. “Nobody tries to fuck over the Lagoon Company and lives!”

“Believe me, I’m with you,” said Rock. “But we’ll have to be smart about this.”

In the Black Lagoon’s cabin, the crew reviewed their information.

“So these guys are holed up in their hideout; an old warehouse on the south side,” Rock explained. “They ordered enough guns to arm a small nation, plus a whole load of drugs.”

“Trying to establish themselves as real criminals, huh,” Dutch mused. “They must be new in town.”

“I’ll say,” growled Revy, sipping her beer. “They don’t know enough to not fuck with us.”

“We’ll show them,” said Rock. “In this line of work, we can’t afford to look weak.”

“So I take it there won’t be any backup on this one?” asked Benny.

“No,” Rock replied. “We’ll have to handle it ourselves.”

“He’s right,” said Dutch. “But it’ll be one hell of an uphill battle. Our best bet is to go in ASAP, while we still know where they are and they’re not expecting us. Revy, you’ll be on point. I’ll cover you with the Remington. Benny, stay here and monitor the comms. We don’t need anyone else getting involved. And Rock… just get some rest, okay?”

“Hell yeah,” said Revy with a grin. “Let’s do this!”

In her cluttered room, Revy rummaged around until she found what she was looking for: her trusty dual Sword Cutlass pistols. She double-checked them, loaded the magazines, then downed the rest of her beer. As she crushed the can and tossed it in the garbage, she started to feel the effects of her numerous drinks. Not inebriation (she didn’t get drunk easily), but rather a familiar pressure in her bladder. Revy was about to head to the boat’s restroom when there was a knock on her door.

“You ready yet, Revy?” asked Dutch.

“Sure,” she replied. It’ll be fine, she reassured herself. I can just take a leak once we’re done.

During the long walk to the warehouse, Revy could feel her needs getting worse. It wasn’t at leg-crossing, crotch-holding levels yet, but it was enough to make her want to finish the job quickly. Part of her even hoped the goons would give up without a fight.

“You okay there?” asked Dutch. “You’re being awfully quiet.”

“I was, uh, lost in thought,” said Revy. “Y’know, contemplating the havoc we’re gonna wreak.”

Soon, they reached a run-down industrial area of Roanapur. Abandoned buildings and rusted shipping crates dominated the landscape.

“Man, what a shithole,” said Revy.

“Mm-hm,” Dutch agreed. “Listen, I’m gonna set up a sniping point on that old crane over there. You’re on your own from here on out.”

As she continued forward, Revy considered stopping briefly to relieve herself in an alley. She’d done so many times before, usually after a long night of drinking at the Yellow Flag.

Not an option, she scolded herself. We’re on a tight schedule here; no time for a fucking potty break.

The warehouse itself was fairly nondescript, with multiple entrances and a few catwalks on the exterior. A couple of men were patrolling, and Revy decided to get their attention.

“Yo, assholes!” she yelled. The closest man turned to look at Revy, her impressive figure clad in a tube top and what could charitably be described as shorts.

“Hey, looks like the entertainment’s here!” he leered.

“Hardly,” said Revy. “I’m with the Lagoon Company. You know, the guys you decided to rip off. Now, there are two ways we can do this. You give me the money you owe, or things get messy.”

“You’re joking, right?” The man drew an assault rifle and aimed at Revy. “You ain’t getting a penny from us. Now get out before I blow your brains out.”

“Option two it is,” growled Revy. She drew her Cutlasses and fired before the man could. Hearing the gunfire, more armed thugs rushed out the doors. Revy fired a few more shots, then ducked behind the nearby wall of a demolished building.

“It’s on, fuckers,” she snarled.

Sure enough, the rest of the goons opened fire. The flimsy wall wouldn’t protect her for long, so Revy kept moving. She ran to the opposite edge of the wall and fired, scoring two perfect headshots. Scanning her surroundings for more cover, she spotted an overturned shipping container and made a dash for it, diving the final few feet as gunfire narrowly missed her. Revy landed hard and winced as she felt a few drops of urine leak out. Her need to pee was definitely noticeable now, and her bladder was demanding that she empty it soon. Trying to ignore it, Revy popped out from behind cover and fired off two full clips. She didn’t wait and see how many she hit; she was already planning her next move.

The next piece of potential cover, a thick concrete barrier, was much too far away for Revy to reach without getting shot. Luckily, sniper rifle shots rang out, letting her know that Dutch was doing his job. Revy dashed for the barrier, firing a few potshots to discourage her opponents. It was sturdy enough to allow her a brief respite, letting her catch her breath and reload. Unfortunately, with that moment’s rest, her urge to pee came back into sharp focus. The pressure in her bladder was becoming unbearable, and Revy desperately wanted to put her hands to her groin and hold herself. However, given that she had a pistol in each hand, this wasn’t an option. Instead, she settled for squeezing her legs together and fidgeting before resuming the shootout.

One of the goons, trying to locate the sniper that was harassing them, pulled out his own Remington sniper rifle. Revy took aim at him and fired off six shots. Normally, this would have been enough to kill anything that moved, but Revy was fidgeting so badly that every shot missed. She cursed herself silently before emptying her other pistol, this time hitting her target.

Fuck me, thought Revy as she reloaded, now crossing her legs in desperation. This is not going well; I can’t hit shit like this! I gotta piss so fuckin’ bad!

Firing at more of the thugs, with barely any of her shots hitting, Revy reviewed her options. She couldn’t keep shooting like this; at this rate, either she or Dutch would end up catching a bullet. And she didn’t exactly have time to take a bathroom break. That meant the only other choice was to-

No! Revy interrupted herself. I can’t just piss myself! That’d be humiliating!

But if the alternative is getting shot... , said another voice inside her, and Revy realized there was no choice. She took a deep breath and steeled herself for what she was about to do.

“Fuck my life,” groaned Revy, and she opened her legs and let her bladder relax. It took a moment for the floodgates to open, but when they did, it was like a dam had burst inside Revy’s shorts. Her crotch grew warm as urine flowed out of her, soaking her panties and creating a huge wet patch. Droplets of pee formed trails as they cascaded down Revy’s bare legs and added to the growing puddle at her feet. It was gross, but she couldn’t help but sigh in relief.

Goddamn, this feels so good! thought Revy in ecstasy. Now where were we?

Still emptying her bladder, Revy jumped out from behind the barrier and opened fire. This time, every shot hit its mark and twelve thugs crumpled to the ground. She rolled out of the way of returning fire (drops of pee flew into the air, but she didn’t care), quickly reloaded and fired off another volley.

“Alright, alright!” came a panicked shout. Revy looked up and saw a man in a suit on the catwalk holding a large briefcase.

“Here’s the money we owe you, just leave us alone!” he yelled. He tossed the briefcase down to to Revy, who opened it to find huge stacks of Thai baht. With one gun still trained on the warehouse, she counted the money and found it was more than the Lagoon Delivery Company was owed. Not that she was going to tell him that.

“Good enough,” said Revy. “Now don’t you ever fuck with us again.”

“Y-you got it,” the man stammered. He looked closer at Revy. “Wait, did you piss your- aggh!”

“I don’t miss twice, asshole,” growled Revy. Clutching the bullet in his shoulder, the man in the suit called out to his surviving henchmen and beat a wise retreat. Cash in hand, Revy made her way back to the crane where Dutch had set up shop.

“Mission accomplished,” she called up to him. Dutch grinned at her and climbed down.

“Nice work, Revy,” he said. If he noticed the wet patch on her shorts, he was smart enough to not mention it. Police sirens sounded in the distance, and the two of them ran all the way back to the docks.

Back aboard the Black Lagoon, Rock was lying on the couch holding an ice pack to his head.

“Ah, you’re back,” he commented. “I take it the operation was successful?”

“Got that right,” Dutch replied. “We got the money and showed ‘em who’s boss.”

“Good, good,” said Rock. “Then that should be the end of our troubles with them.”

Dutch went off to check on Benny, leaving Rock and Revy alone. Revy lit a cigarette and sighed.

“So how many times does this make that I’ve had to bail you out?”

“Revy, I… look,” said Rock. “I guess what I’m trying to say is thank you.”

“Pff, don’t mention it,” Revy scoffed. “If someone’s always gotta save your ass, it might as well be me.”

“Fair enough,” Rock chuckled. He took a closer look at Revy. “Hey, did you wet your-”

Suddenly, everything went black and Rock felt something wet slap his face. He peeled it off and gasped as he saw Revy’s bare ass in his face. She had removed her sodden shorts and panties and thrown them at him.

“Compared to the other guy, you got off light,” Revy sneered, flipping him off. She strode off to her room, smirking at Rock’s red face. All in all, it hadn’t been a bad day.

THE END

###

So here's the aforementioned picture. The link is https://gelbooru.com/index.php?page=post&s=view&id=1610851

$$

The text reads: "Shit! Seriously? I fuckin' pissed myself..."

