Omovember 2021: Day 24

Author: PPP

*000*2021-12-01 04:27

$$

Well, here we are at the end of November, and I still have three stories to go. I'll try to get them done as soon as possible. For now, please enjoy this one.

###

Day 24: In a container Hunter (Monster Hunter)

###

Cold wind whistled through Devana’s hair as she passed the snowy drifts. Beneath her, her Palamute, Lyacon, panted as he ran, his breath rising as steam. A dedicated monster hunter, Devana was on a scouting expedition to explore the Frost Islands. She had thoroughly searched the southern islands, but had found no monsters larger than her mount.

Perhaps better prey awaits in the north, she mused. It was a comforting thought. With a click of her tongue, she urged Lyacon forward.

Devana came to the base of an icy crag and dismounted. She could get a better vantage point from atop the spire, but Lyacon would not be able to follow her. Devana reached into her pack and tossed a Wirebug into the air. Using the silky thread the insect produced, she swung forward and landed on an outcrop halfway up the spire. She repeated the maneuver and reached the top, then gazed out at the landscape below her. A vast sea half-frozen with ice stretched as far as she could see, broken up by jagged rocks and snow-covered islands. Various small monsters dotted the area, but Devana couldn’t see anything worth hunting.

“Dammit,” she muttered. She jumped off the spire, using another Wirebug to slow her fall.

Lyacon barked at Devana’s sudden arrival. She smiled and scratched him behind the ears, then climbed onto his back. If she wasn’t going to do any hunting, she might as well gather some supplies. Plus, a large monster might arrive later. Devana directed her mount towards a series of low hills, where she knew some valuable berries could be found. It didn’t take long, and her pouch was soon filled. From there, Devana decided to collect some herbs on one of the southern islands.

Rinse and repeat until I get bored, she figured.

Devana spent nearly half an hour foraging, chugging Energy Drinks all the while to keep her stamina up. Soon enough, she began to feel the call of nature. Devana kept going a little while longer, but the pressure in her bladder soon reached a point where she could no longer ignore it. With a scowl of frustration, the huntress began to look for a place to relieve herself. Devana scouted the area and settled on a sparse clump of bushes. She squatted, pulled down her pants… then yanked them right back up with a yelp. It was freezing! With her body fully covered by armor, Devana hadn’t realized how the cold air would feel on her bare skin.

Plus, she thought grimly, I bet my piss would freeze solid in midair.

Disgruntled, Devana winced as she felt another wave of pressure wash over her bladder.

I need to take care of this, she realized. But I don’t want to head back! Not before I’ve hunted a monster. Ugh, why did I have so many of those Energy Drinks? Wait a minute- that’s it!

Devana reached into her pack and pulled out one of her few remaining drinks, then poured the contents on the ground. She lowered her pants again, but this time only a few inches.

“Not sure how to aim,” Devana muttered. She put the empty bottle directly against her groin. “Here goes.”

Devana relaxed her bladder, and pee began to flow almost immediately. To her immense relief, it landed in the bottle with a loud splatter, not spilling a single drop.

“Ahh, that’s better,” she sighed. It felt incredible to relieve the pressure in her bladder, and as a bonus, the warmth of her urine was helping to counteract the cold.

I might have to do this more often, Devana thought. She felt something splash against her inner thigh, and looked down to see that the bottle was nearly filled with yellow liquid. She was worried for a moment that it might overflow, but then her pee stream began to lose strength, dissipating into little drops. Once her bladder was empty, Devana pulled the bottle away. Her pent-up pee was only a few centimeters below the brim.

Close call, she thought, pulling her pants back up.

Devana considered dumping out the bottle, but decided against it. Who knew, the contents might be useful somehow. She recapped the bottle and put it back in her pack, making a mental note not to drink from it later. In the distance, Devana heard the distinctive howl of a monstrous Barioth. She smiled and called Lyacon to her side. The hunt was on!

###

Up next: Body swap/dressed as the opposite sex

$$

