Your Call Is Important To Us

Author: pwpj

*000*2023-08-22 23:18

Several years ago, I wrote a couple of stories centered around Emily, a uni student, having desperate moments. Something I saw this last weekend gave me inspiration for another thing.

I hope people enjoy it, I hope it's not too long/short/boring!

"Your call is important to us" said the automated voice "please hold, whilst we connect you to the next available agent"

Emily sighed. If the call was so important to them, surely they would answer it quicker, she thought.

The journey should have been simple enough. She was travelling back to university ready for the new term. The journey was about 120 miles, and took a couple of hours, but she was familiar enough with it as she entered 3rd year. Her middle-aged and slightly battered Micra was full with bags of clothes, bedding and so on, as she was moving her things into a new flat. The previous week she'd been up to get the keys and so on, now it was time to move everything in and get settled.

Now 20, she was a pretty young lady, with long brown hair and freckles, a slim(ish) figure, which combined with a charming sense of humour made her very popular with both friends and guys. She'd dressed in a navy blue summery dress with white polka dots that day - and had already thought that she ought to change before she started unloading at the other end, as it wasn't especially practical for house-moving.

It might have been the baking hot August weather, or the fact that her student budget had neglected any form of car servicing, but the rising temperature gauge, followed by the steam coming from underneath the bonnet, had forced her to pull over on the A1(M) hard shoulder. Remembering the safety posters, she left on the nearside and clambered up the embankment before phoning the breakdown service. The operator had been efficient and friendly, noting that her call was a priority as she was a lone woman, and taking down all the details needed and promising that she'd get a message with an update and a timescale shortly. Emily was reasonably content - it was a hot day, but she'd brought plenty of water and some snacks, so she sat on the embankment waiting for news.

That had been an hour ago, though, and feeling a little bored and frustrated, she'd rung back to try and get an update.

"Did you know, we fix 87% of members cars within half an hour of arrival?" the disembodied voice continued. Emily thought that was a good omen, although she wished that they'd arrive soon. She was starting to feel pretty hot sitting in the sun, and thanks to all the water, she needed a wee.

"All our agents are busy helping other customers" - well bully for them, she thought.

The call was answered by another friendly operator who quickly looked up her details on the system.

"Ah right, thanks for your patience, I can see that our recovery technicians are really busy in your region at the moment, and that's delayed things quite a bit. But what I can do is speak to the supervisor and see if we can hurry things along a bit. Can you hold for a moment please?"

It was a bit of a rhetorical question, really, wasn't it? And hold she did - in two ways, she thought, as she crossed her legs.

"Sorry for the wait" said the operator "but I've just checked and I've got somebody who's free just up the road. He'll be with you in about 10-15 minutes, if that's ok?".

And sure enough, a little while later Emily noticed a luminous van with lights flashing pulling onto the hard shoulder just behind her car. She got up, causing quite a twinge in her bladder, and shuffled down the embankment to speak to the technician.

Standing in the heat, she took another swig from one of the water bottles that she kept in the boot, answering the odd question and holding her skirt down - partially to avoid flashing her knickers to passing motorists, partially as a form of fidgeting to distract from her bladder. Although she needed a wee fairly badly by now, she knew it wouldn't be very long until she could find relief. There had been quite a few times where she'd been pretty desperate during her time at uni, but that was part of the experience wasn't it? At least she usually managed to hold it. Lauren, one of her flatmates, had a reputation for needing to stop and squat somewhere every night they were out drinking, far more than anyone else. Emily felt sorry for her, as she'd tried to avoid this by holding it in, and ended up wetting herself embarrassingly outside spoons one memorable night.

The sound of water splattering on the floor brought her to her senses and provided a reminder of her bladder. "Hmm - not good" said the recovery guy. "Were you driving it for long after it overheated?"

"Well, erm, it was showing on the red for a bit, but it seemed to be going alright, until the steam started coming out!" replied Emily.

"I see" the recovery guy continued, "I'm a bit worried that it's throwing water out again, and there looks to be some oil in the header tank. You may need a new head gasket."

"Oh, ok" replied Emily, who may as well have been listening to a sentence in French. "Do you have one with you?"

The recovery guy chuckled and carried on with some more checks whilst making a sexist comment that, if Emily weren't relying on him to get her off the hard shoulder safe (and dry), she'd have challenged him. How was she to know what sort of repair that was? She was a business student, not an engineer.

"Right love, the car's going nowhere under its own steam - pardon the pun." the recovery guy said "We can recover you to a garage either nearby, or local to your home if you'd prefer". It wasn't too far, only another 40 odd miles to her uni town, so Emily said she'd prefer that.

It would take a few minutes, apparently, to get things ready, and she'd be up in the van cab for the journey. The need for a wee had become pretty urgent by this point. If she was still on her own, she thought, she'd most likely be finding a bush or a tree to squat behind. But the recovery was in progress and she'd be on her way soon. The driver pulled the van in front of her car and put her car on a towing device, attached some straps and took some photos with his tablet.

Emily realised that she'd been fidgeting and shifting from foot to foot by the side of the road for quite a while now, but she didn't want the recovery driver to know how desperate for a wee she was. She resolved to be calm, and un-fidgety, for the rest of the journey. Then she'd get to the other end. Then she could wee.

At the driver's instruction, she climbed up into the cab of the recovery van, smoothing her dress down and fastening her seatbelt. The driver got in and started the engine, and Emily realised that she had to consciously stop herself from fidgeting and squirming. Her bladder by now felt very painful, and the process of moving and lifting herself up into the cab seat had only intensified this.

As they moved off down the motorway, with her car visible in the wing-mirror being pulled along behind, the recovery guy clearly decided that Emily was a receptive audience. Why did so many young ladies not look after their cars, he wondered. It was simple enough to check the coolant, oil, and brake fluid. It only took a few minutes. But it was just a thing about modern society wasn't it. Back in his day, everyone knew how to set their points and change the spark plugs. The youth today didn't care until somebody else had to pick up the pieces.

"And lucky for you they don't" snapped Emily, trying to remain vaguely professional whilst also putting him in his place "otherwise you'd be out of a job!".

"Well, yes, quite" he replied - clearly not used to a woman showing him up - and continued driving, occasionally mentioning something about a passing lorry or landmark. Emily didn't care too much. She re-positioned her seatbelt slightly and tensed her thighs, whilst outwardly avoiding showing how desperate she now was. The radio was on, and Sally Traffic was warning of delays and roadworks across various trunk routes, but luckily nothing was mentioned for the rest of the journey.

Her flatmate asked her on messenger how long until she would arrive, so she asked the driver. "I dunno, it depends on the other lorry" he replied.

"What other lorry?" asked Emily, concerned

"Don't you even know how recovery works love? I can't take you all the way to your destination, that'd be too far out of my patch. I'll be taking you another five miles up the road, and another lorry from the next area will pick you up and take you the rest of the way"

"Oh" replied Emily "Wait, so I'll be sitting there waiting again?"

"Yeah, I'd say so. It's usually about half an hour, but it really does depend on where he's got to come from. It's just a busy day today. But as I say, it could have been avoided-"

"-by me checking my coolant, yes, as you are reminding me!"

"Well, I'm sure it's not a mistake you'll be making again" the recovery driver chuckled "always set out with a full tank!"

Ironic choice of words, thought Emily, given that she had a very full tank in a manner of speaking.

The motorway sign said that the services were up half a mile away, and the driver indicated left. "This is where I'll be dropping you off". Emily was overjoyed. SERVICES! That landmark of expensive petrol and half-melted chocolate. But they had toilets. Her bladder clearly realised this, as at that moment the pressure grew and she had to use all her strength to stop a leak from happening. Just keep it together, Emily, she told herself.

As the lorry sailed down the entrance road, the driver turned left, taking her away from the services building, towards the furthest end of the car park. Dammit! Emily looked confused, which must have shown, as the driver explained "we have an agreement with the service operators, we use their car park to drop off and pick up cars, but only if we do it at the bottom end. Can't be clogging up the busy end. Everyone wants to park there - closer to the cafe and toilets!".

Toilets. Fuck. What she wouldn't give for one now. Underneath her dress, she had reasonably plain black knickers. They had a bit of lace on the edge, but they were still in the category of 'everyday knickers'. Her thighs clamped together, they were slightly damp from the heat - and so far nothing else.

The driver had gone around the back and Emily could hear some clunking and motors operating. She opened the passenger door and stepped out, forgetting that she was in a much higher vehicle than normal, her feet hitting the floor with a defined thud, sending a slight shockwave through her body. Her brain felt a bit silly. Her knees bent slightly to absorb the impact. Her sphincter, precariously overworked as it was, momentarily relaxed and to her horror Emily could feel a spurt escape into her knickers. "No not here!" she said. She opened her eyes. Nobody had heard. Nobody had seen.

Gingerly, she made her way along the side of the van to the back. The driver had lowered her car back on to the ground, and was packing away his towing apparatus. "Right, love, if I can just get you to sign here" he said, passing her a tablet, "this one shows that I've dropped you off at a safe place, this one is to accept the existing damage on the car, this one is that you are the policy holder". For all she cared the signatures could have been for anything, and she scribbled something in each of the boxes. Not really knowing what you're supposed to do with yourself whilst politely waiting for someone to leave after towing you, Emily stood fairly still, not sure whether remaining static or fidgeting was the best course of action. She just wanted the guy to leave. She needed to make a dash for the toilets in the main building, but didn't want to look like a fool.

"That's me done, I'll be on my way" the driver said. Thank god, thought Emily. Mentally preparing for the dash. Running, or walking? Running meant she could get her bum on the loo quicker. Walking, though, meant keeping her thighs tightly pressed was an option.

But the driver was still there, tapping away on his tablet. Emily was still frozen to the spot. "Just checking how long until someone will be with you. Live tracker, see". Emily couldn't give a monkeys - she just wanted him on his way. Tap tap tap, refresh. And underneath her knickers, her tired sphincter relaxed just for a second, letting another spurt of warm pee flow through her opening urethra, dampening her knickers.

"Twenty-five minutes. It'll be Frank. VW Transporter, 21 plate. Is that ok?"

It could have been an alien riding Shergar for all she cared, but she nodded.

"Well take care, I'm off now, don't forget to check that tank next time".

Still rooted to the spot, Emily watched as the luminous van drove off. She looked around. It was pretty empty at this end of the car park. A dilapidated camper van stood a couple of rows across, and some empty lorries were parked on the other side. She turned around to go towards the terminal building, moving her left leg forward. She yelped and stopped immediately as another spurt of pee used the movement to push through. Stop. Keep calm, stand still. Think of something. She tried moving slowly and carefully, but another leak came as her tired and aching body just needed to release. If she tried to get to the services, she'd wet herself. The only question is where, and how many people would see.

She looked around to the end of the car park. A thick tree line had a picket fence, and she could make a dash for it and squat behind there, that'd do. Oh no. Oh no oh no. At that moment another leak forced its way out, this one for about three seconds. Clamp down. Hold it. Even that wasn't enough.

There was only one thing for it. She hoped nobody would see, but truth being told she didn't care any more. A well rehearsed lift of the skirt, thumbs into her knickers, and she wrenched her knickers down - opening her legs slightly to let them fall, which also opened the floodgate - whilst squatting into position to avoid a mess.

The relief washed over her. After such a long time waiting, she relaxed her bladder and with a loud hiss and splatter she was weeing onto the tarmac. Her vulva, dampened by the leaks in her knickers, had a free flow of high pressure pee running through it. She kept her skirt as low as possible, but high enough to avoid any accidents. Looking down at her knickers, there was a noticeable damp patch along the bottom.

Emily's bladder continued to empty and, as it did so, the pressure subsided. She carried on squatting whilst the last few dribs spurted and dribbled out. Finished. A deep, relaxing sigh.

Lifting her knickers up, the warm dampness had rapidly turned into a cold soggy feeling that gave her the ick. She'd got knickers in her bags, in the car. Having made herself decent, the act of cleaning up, wiping herself with some handy baby wipes to freshen up, and finding a purple thong to put on, was all done discreetly at the side of the car park.

One thing's for sure, she knew a lot about overflowing full tanks now.

*002*2023-08-24 09:42

{{8 hours ago, WiiGuy86 said:

Oh wow, was excited to see that you had posted again. Your stories are some of my favorites and ones that I frequently revisit. Particularly the Emily ones which I enjoyed re reading before.

You have a real talent for writing. The character description, pacing, and descriptions of desperation are so good. This is an instant classic!

I hope you'll write more soon!

}}

Thank you so much! I've only posted a few over the years, a very niche contributor I think, as I don't think I'm that good, and don't often get inspiration for something! I like to think of believable circumstances which have enough to keep interesting and remain realistic. But thank you very much for your kind words.

*004*2023-08-24 21:45

{{51 minutes ago, WiiGuy86 said:

I'm in to the exact same thing so no wonder you are on my favorite writers! I revisit some of the Leah stories very frequently as well. I hope you are inspired again soon!

}}

That's lovely to hear. I wrote about Leah some 8 years ago! perhaps I could look at an update showing that she still has the odd mishap at the age of 26/27 - but I find with these things I have to have an idea fall into my head, otherwise if I'm trying for trying's sake, the writing doesn't feel as genuine in my eyes.

*008*2023-08-25 18:41

Thank you so much for the kind words. I am glad that this was well received and I'm especially flattered that some of you are still remembering and enjoying my previous writing. I shall definitely see what I can come up with :).

A girl saying she "needs a wee" does have undertones of politeness, shyness, innocence etc in comparison to "I need a piss" - perhaps also it emphasises that it's a UK story which I know I, and I'm sure others, do like.

