Omovember 2020: Day 22

Author: PPP

*000*2020-11-25 03:07

$$

Once again, this story was inspired by an image. I'll post it at the end; contains nudity.

###

Day 22: Need to go during a fight Ibuki (Street Fighter)

###

The two fighters faced each other, sweat dripping from their bare torsos, neither saying a word. In one corner: E. Honda, the sumo superstar. In the other: Sagat, master of Muay Thai. They circled around, each waiting for an opportunity. Finally, Sagat made the first move.

“Tiger Shot!” he roared, shooting a ball of flame from his fists. Honda jumped over it, attempting to crush Sagat with his bulk as he landed. But his foe sidestepped the attack and struck back with a knee to the gut. Honda crumpled, but Sagat caught him with a jumping uppercut before he hit the ground.

“Tiger Uppercut!” Sagat shouted. Both fighters landed, but only Sagat on his feet.

“K.O!” announced the referee.

“Woo-hoo!” cheered Ibuki. She was perched on a tree branch, watching the fight. “Way to go, big guy!”

Ibuki jumped down, landing with the grace of a cat. The kunoichi (female ninja) was not only a competitor in the World Fighting Tournament, but a huge fan as well. She strolled over to Sagat, who was towelling himself off.

“Nice work out there,” Ibuki complimented. “I mean, I’ve always been a fan, but I also had a big bet riding on you. So thanks for that.” Sagat gave no indication he had heard her, instead turning and walking away.

“Yeesh, tough crowd,” Ibuki said to herself. She watched as E. Honda’s handlers tried to drag his massive form away. The next fight would begin in a little while, so she decided to take a break to grab some refreshments.

Ibuki returned a few minutes later, clutching a pretzel and large soda. Using one hand, she scrambled back up to her perch to watch the next fight. Ibuki sipped her soda and watched as the next two challengers approached: Ryu and Ken, two masters of Shotokan. Ibuki cheered them on as the two friendly rivals clashed. Each fight was more exciting than the last; Dhalsim vs Rufus, Abel vs T. Hawk, Dee Jay vs Hakan… she watched them all, on the edge of her seat.

After a few more rounds, Ibuki started to feel all the soda make its way through her. She hopped down again.

“All right,” she said to herself, “time for a pee break.” She headed for the bathrooms, but an announcement from the referee made her stop in her tracks.

“Next up,” he shouted, “Ibuki!”

“Huh?” said Ibuki. “Me?”

“Yes, you,” said the referee. “Take up your position.”

Oh, crap! thought Ibuki. I’ll have to hold it until after the fight! Okay, deep breath. You can do this. Who’s my opponent?

“In the other corner: Zangief!” announced the referee.

Oh, crap!

Zangief, the Russian wrestling champion known as the Red Cyclone, was a seven-foot tower of muscle clad in only Speedo and a massive amount of chest hair. Ibuki had seen him fight, and knew he could both dish out and take a lot of punishment.

All right, Ibuki told herself, trying to stay calm, I just gotta take this nice and slow. Can’t make any dumb mistakes.

“Fight!” yelled the referee. Zangief rushed forward, swinging his massive fists at Ibuki. She swiftly sidestepped, but the quick movement unpleasant jostled her bladder. A few drops of urine leaked into her baggy pants. Horrified, Ibuki crossed her legs together to stop the flow. But that momentary pause gave Zangief all the time he needed.

Two gargantuan hands grabbed Ibuki by the waist and she felt herself lifted into the air. Zangief had her in one of his trademark spinning piledrivers. His grip tightened as he slammed Ibuki to the ground, and she cried out as a sizable spurt of pee was squeezed out of her.

I can’t let him get me with another one of those! Ibuki thought in a panic. I’ll completely wet myself! She stepped back, trying to create some space between her and her foe.

Gotta play it safe, Ibuki told herself. Zangief charged towards her again, but she was ready this time. She jumped up and tossed a kunai towards the massive man. The blade struck him in the chest, knocking him back. Ibuki followed up with a punch to the gut, then swiftly retreated before Zangief could strike back.

Okay, she thought, so far, so good. Her bladder throbbed, but she tried to ignore it. If I keep this up, I just might make it out of this with dry pants!

Ibuki bobbed and weaved, avoiding Zangief’s blows while chipping away at him with light attacks. Eventually, however, she slipped up. She dodged the wrong way, and Zangief’s punch hit her right in the stomach, causing more urine to leak out.

“No!” cried Ibuki, regaining control of her bladder. “I won’t lose!” Desperate in every sense of the word, she threw out a wild punch. It hit Zangief in the gut, and Ibuki quickly followed up. She jumped up and kicked off of her foe’s massive chest, launching herself into the air.

“Take this!” Ibuki shouted, throwing out a barrage of kunai. Zangief held up his arms to shield himself, but she was prepared for that. She landed with a powerful kick that finally felled her foe.

“K.O!”

The referee began to congratulate Ibuki, but she wasn’t listening; instead, she was dashing away. Her bladder was at its absolute limit, and she was going to lose control at any second.

Gotta pee gotta pee gotta find a place to pee! Ibuki thought desperately. Casting her gaze around, she spotted a large boulder, one big enough to hide behind.

That’ll do!

Ibuki dashed behind the boulder and squatted. Her hands shaking, she undid her belt and pulled up the top layer of her dogi uniform. Gripping it in her teeth, she reached down and yanked the crotch of the lower layer aside. Her bladder let go almost instantly, and a powerful pee stream shot out of her. The stream hit the ground in front of her with a loud splatter, sending golden droplets flying.

“Haaah,” sighed Ibuki, a wave of pleasure flowing over her. It felt so good!

Ibuki leaned back against the rock, pee still flowing out of her at a steady pace.

“Ooh, that’s so much better!” she moaned. The puddle at her feet continued to grow for another minute before her stream began to dry up. The last of Ibuki’s pee dribbled out, and she shook herself dry, then stood up and redressed herself. She wiped off the drops of urine that had sprayed onto her hands using some nearby leaves, and sighed in relief.

Winning that fight felt good, Ibuki thought, but letting out all that pee felt even better!

###

Here you go:

$$

Credit: https://www.hentai-foundry.com/pictures/user/Luccass/668986/Ibuki

