Too Much Coffee

Author: PrinceOfThePee

*000*2024-11-28 18:47

Wrote this fairly recently and have been sitting on it for a while. Featuring Armin from Attack on Titan.

***

Coffee. It was Armin's new favorite thing. He drank it every morning now, and often more throughout the day. He was currently on his third cup in an hour, absent-mindedly sipping it while the meeting he was in dragged on. Unfortunately, his body wasn't really used to the caffeinated drink. It caused his hands to tremble a bit and wreaked absolute havoc on his bladder.

Armin set his half-empty cup down and shifted in his seat, trying to keep paying attention. He had been counting on the meeting to be much shorter, and his attention was starting to drift toward the familiar pressure in his lower abdomen, signaling that his bladder was full. Actually, it was really full. Armin hadn't relieved himself before the meeting, thinking it would be over quickly. He shifted in his seat again, glancing at the cup of coffee in front of him. He wanted more, but his bladder was starting to ache a bit.

Hange was still speaking, and most everyone had their attention on her. Annie sat beside Armin, her expression bored as usual. She was looking at him, though, noticing his shifting around. Annie gave him a questioning look, but Armin just shrugged and focused his attention on Hange again.

Minutes ticked by slowly, Armin's bladder filling up all the while. He had stopped drinking more coffee, but he'd already drank so much. Armin was beginning to regret not using the bathroom before this meeting… His leg jiggled up and down a bit and he shifted again in his seat. Annie gave him another questioning look, and Armin crossed his thighs and squeezed them together tightly, trying to signal to her what was going on. Annie glanced at his half-empty cup and nodded in understanding, her expression slightly worried.

Armin couldn't help but keep glancing at the clock. 5 minutes passed, then 10. By the time 30 minutes had passed, he was actually in pain. Armin was fidgeting more noticeably, struggling to keep still as his bladder ached for release. It throbbed horribly every few minutes, and his belt was pressing on the swollen organ. Fuck… Armin uncrossed and recrossed his legs quickly. Maybe I can step out for a moment…? But that'd be rude…and besides, everyone would know where I'm going… He couldn't help but squirm as his bladder throbbed again. He clenched his sphincter tightly, fighting back a leak.

Suddenly, the atmosphere in the room shifted. The meeting had finally ended, and everyone had started chatting and getting up from the table. Annie nudged him suddenly and whispered,

“You alright? You're sweating…”

“Uh…” Armin blushed. “I'll be right back.” He stood quickly, then bit back a gasp and doubled over slightly as a stab of pain went through his swollen bladder. Everyone was starting to make their way out of the room, so Armin followed, forced to move slowly because of how agonizingly full he was. Once through the door, Armin turned and walked quickly toward the nearest bathroom. His heart sank slightly when he entered and saw the three toilet cubicles occupied. Armin was horribly pee-shy, and absolutely couldn't use the trough-like urinal no matter how full he was. He bit his lip and took a deep breath, resigning himself to wait for a cubicle to open.

The sound of peeing as other scout members used the urinal and the trickle of water from the sinks as they washed their hands was agony for him, teasing his bladder and making it demand to be emptied. NOW.

Armin couldn't possibly wait in the bathroom, forced to listen to the sounds of running water, but he still had a chance to make it to the room he and Annie shared, where there was a chamber pot. He nearly ran into Annie when he hurried out, and he stopped quickly, crossing his legs and squirming in place. Annie looked confused.

“Uh…You didn't go?”

“No stalls open…” Armin muttered, starting to walk.

“Ah…” Annie followed, her expression worried. Armin was visibly in pain, hunched over and tearing up slightly. She felt horrible for him, and suddenly got an idea. “Hang on.” She grabbed his arm, stopping him next to a door.

“Huh?” Armin looked at her, his expression pained.

“Come here.” She opened the door and slipped inside, pulling Armin with her. To Armin's confusion, they were in a small janitor closet.

“What? This isn't a bathroom!” Armin said quickly, dancing in place slightly now that they were in private.

“I know. Just hold on.” Annie stepped toward some shelves and reached up, grabbing a large bucket and plopping it down on the floor in front of Armin. “There, piss in this.” Armin looked at her, tears in his eyes.

“But…”

“No buts, just go.” Annie insisted. Armin bit his lip and whined, another stab of pain ripping through his bladder. Fuck it, I can't wait. Armin fumbled with his belt, hands shaking, getting it undone and then undoing his pants. He pulled himself out through the fly of his pants and aimed, squeezing hard to avoid leaking at all on the floor. Once aimed he loosened his grip and relaxed, almost immediately releasing an absolute torrent of urine into the bucket. It was embarrassingly loud in the small closet, but Armin couldn't possibly stop the flow at this point. Annie at least turned around politely to give him a tiny bit of privacy as he finished up. Armin fixed his pants quickly and buckled his belt once he was done, sighing in relief. “Better?” Annie asked, turning back around.

“Yes…Thank you.” Armin blushed. “I ah…I don't think I would have made it back to our room…”

“Hell, Armin, you were full.” Annie said, looking at the bucket full of pee with surprise. “You need to slow down on the coffee…”

“Heh…maybe you're right…” Armin blushed, scratching the back of his head awkwardly, looking down at the bucket. “So, um…how are we gonna get this emptied?”

