The long walk home

Author: peepantsrunner

*000*2023-03-21 18:37

Each time Maddie reached her hands into the warm dish water, she felt a tingle between her thighs, her bladder's way of reminding her it was getting full. "Shut up, bladder!" She thought to herself. "I'm almost finished with these dishes and then I'll take care of you." Of course, Maddie knew that she could go now if she really needed to. The bathroom in the kitchen she worked at was only two steps away, it's just that she was in a hurry as these dishes were all that stood between her and punching out for the night. Besides, it's not like having to pee felt bad or anything. In fact, it actually felt pretty good to Maddie, although she would never admit even to herself that that's why she often put off going to the last minute. She wasn't some kind of freak, after all.

The last dish was finally spotless, and although Maddie's black work pants were wet, it was only from spilled dishwater. She had long ago noticed how these pants looked shiny for a couple minutes when water first wet them, but it quickly soaked in and became almost invisible. Finished with her task, she opened the bathroom door, only to find the toilet disassembled. "Hey guys, what's the deal with the toilet?" she yelled out to whoever would answer. "It's busted" came from somewhere out in the dining room. "As you can see, I tried to fix it, but I think it's a job for Luke."

Luke was the overnight maintenance and deep cleaning guy, and he showed up whenever he felt like it. It'd probably be another hour. "Ok, I guess I'll use the customer bathrooms" Maddie said as she moved toward the lobby. Her manager cut her off and told her it had better be an emergency because those were already clean for the night. It wasn't an emergency yet, but Maddie knew her walk home would take her into that territory. Maybe she secretly wanted to feel that desperation, or maybe she was just too shy to admit that she truly needed to pee right now, but Maddie pretended to be perfectly fine. She quickly said her goodbyes, punched out, and headed into the night.

As Maddie walked down well-lit sidewalks through town, she started to have some doubts about her decision to hold her pee. She had been sweating a little working in the hot kitchen all night, and now that she was out in the cool night air, her bladder was filling much more quickly than it had been before. Her desperation was starting to come in waves of intensity. "Just hang on, bladder" she thought to herself. "You can do this!" She set her will to holding her pee and walking as fast as she could.

It was only another block, however, before Maddie felt the tiniest trickle of pee escape. It was barely enough to pass her pussy lips and slightly dampen her panties. A warning shot from her bladder telling her it had had enough. "Well, you're just going to have to take some more!" she silently told her bladder. She still had several blocks to walk through town, a big field to cut through, and lastly a few residential streets to turn down to make it back to her apartment.

Another block, and another spurt of pee forced it's way out. Maddie instinctively jammed her hands between her thighs, cutting off the flow. She just as quickly pulled her hands away, equally desperate not to draw attention to herself as she was to pee. It was late, but not so late that she had the sidewalk to herself, and those new LED street lights made it far too bright for her to walk around holding herself unnoticed.

Maddie was scared to death that someone would see the wet spot on her pants and know she had wet herself a little. Looking down, however, she saw that the shiny spot was quickly blending into the black of the fabric and disappearing. Just as it faded, though, another wave of desperation sent another leak of pee into her pants, making the wet spot shiny again and growing it from the size of a quarter to that of a silver dollar.

"Ok," Maddie thought to herself, "it looks like the name of the game is called Don't Pee Yourself Right Before Walking Past Anyone." She reasoned that all she had to do was focus on keeping things tight in the moments when she was about to be close to people, and she could walk home dribbling here and there along the way.

The next few minutes went by according to plan. Another block, another leak, another block, another leak. Maddie was wet about a quarter of the way down her thighs by this point, as well as a bit of spread forward and backward from her pussy. She was actually starting to enjoy her little game, although she pretended not to. The only thing worrying her was that the leaks were coming closer together and were starting to get a lot harder to stop. When it became a near-constant drip, she came to a horrifying realization that she wasn't going to make it home.

Maddie had made her peace with coming home in wet pants, but what she couldn't possibly live with was the idea that she would be seen wetting them. She would die of embarrassment if she was caught. She started frantically thinking if there was anywhere she could make it to closer than home. There was one restaurant still open, but what if she went in and lost control right in the dining room in front of everyone eating? No, her last hope was to make it to the field and pop a squat in it.

The thought of dropping her pants and letting all that pee gush from her pussy onto the ground must have gotten her poor bladder excited, because the last block before the field was even worse than before. Maddie was now struggling to walk normally and could feel pee leaking into her panties with every step she took. She finally made it into the field, only to find a group of kids from her neighborhood out playing ball in it. "What the fuck!" she screamed in her head. "Why aren't they in bed or something by now?" Maddie wouldn't have to walk anywhere near their game to cut through the grassy field, but she knew the moonlight was too bright to get away with peeing there now.

Maddie didn't know what to do. She knew she wasn't going to make it home, and her last hope had just been crushed. Then a crazy idea came into her mind. She had already been peeing in her pants for the last twenty minutes, right? And the only bad thing about it was that her pants became visibly wet for a minute or two when they were freshly wet. She had a minute or two before she finished crossing the field. On the other hand, if she tried to hold it, she might make it across the field only to lose control under much brighter lighting.

Knowing she was wasting valuable soak-in time thinking, Maddie quit thinking and started peeing. "You win this time!" she told her bladder. The relief was the greatest thing she had ever felt before, causing her to close her eyes and sigh a little as she walked. She could feel pee spreading far up the front of pants, as well as most of the way up her ass in the back, and she didn't care at all. She could hear her pee hissing out of her wildly tingling pussy and pushing noisily through her panties, but she knew the sound wouldn't carry very far over the night sounds of crickets and owls.

Soon, her pee reached the bottoms of her pant legs and began flying off in droplets as she continued to walk. As long as that stopped before she entered her neighborhood, she didn't care about that, either. A new sound joined the symphony of pee as her socks began to squelch in her shoes. That was fine, too. Maddie didn't care about anything at all except how good it felt to let go, and she couldn't even pretend she didn't like it anymore.

At last, Maddie's pee tickled to a stop. She still had half the field to walk, and she hoped it would be enough time to finish dripping and look like she wasn't soaked in pee as she walked past her neighbor's windows. She knew stopping to inspect herself would only draw attention, so she took a step of faith out of the field. Her step of faith, however, left a footprint of urine on the sidewalk. The sight of that scared Maddie so much that she would have wet herself if she hadn't just finished wetting herself already. Luckily, her shoes stopped leaving prints before she got anywhere near her door. If anyone saw them, they wouldn't know they were hers.

Maddie reached the door to her apartment, unlocked it, and stepped inside with no further incident. Once safely inside, she stood leaning with her back to the door, too dumbstruck by what happened to take another step quite yet. She couldn't believe she had just peed her pants, by accident at first and then on purpose! She couldn't believe she had gotten away with it, too! Mostly, she couldn't believe how much she had liked doing it! As she started stripping her soaked clothes off on her way to the shower, she made a decision she couldn't have imagined herself making only an hour before: she would never use the bathroom before leaving work again.

*002*2023-03-21 20:04

@scinosensation

Well in a way, it did. There's no shortage of instances of people saying on here "I couldn't hold it walking home one day and had an accident" or "a genuine accident is what led me to having this kink." This story was my attempt to fill that basic plot out with the character's thoughts and sensations, and turn it into an enjoyable piece of erotica.

*005*2023-03-22 16:29

@AlmostWet

Absolutely. I'm working on something new right now, as well as cleaning up some older stuff from when I was too shy to actually post anything, including a follow-up to this story. Glad you liked it.

