The failed model

Author: peeacsfan

*000*2024-04-24 17:11

@@Masha has long been bored It's a backwater, and she dreamed of something bigger. As a child, she was just a beautiful cute doll girl, at school they couldn't get enough of her and to admire. From the eighth grade, all boys and high school students fell in love with her . The girls were jealous of her. Back in the eleventh grade, she was spoiled by male attention, and After graduating from school, I didn't get out of restaurants, bars, and all sorts of entertainment events and expensive cars. Guys and men were just like that around it, and it should be noted for a reason. With her appearance, she was very lucky, and She knew it. Masha was a beauty with brown hair, 185 cm tall. A long, straight nose, Beautiful eyebrows, large eyes and delicate lips made her face flawless and Attractive. The figure is simply stunning, and the long, slender legs could drive any man crazy. Of course, very early on, she realized that with such She shouldn't vegetate here, but she needs to somehow improve her life, and Make the most of nature's beauty. It's not surprising that She began to realize her exclusivity, her peculiarity, and as a result, –superiority. Inevitably, she had an arrogance, she felt herself Everyone around her courted, groomed, and cherished her. Cherished. It seemed to her then that it was forever, because she had a different attitude towards herself I didn't know.

At the age of eighteen, she had There came a turning point when she finally stopped being happy about everything. Lately, Maria had been thinking that she was special, and that she had to to show off your beauty to the world. She decided that she had to become model, as well as many other beautiful girls who are at this age dream about it. At that time, the beautiful Masha was not happy with anything, she was It was especially capricious, but it did not affect the number of suitors at all. Soon She made up her mind. I found a modeling agency on the Internet, sent my photos, and she was told that Moscow was waiting!

- "Well, I'll finally get out out of this rotten place," she thought as she waited for the train.

Boyfriend With a wistful and enthusiastic face, he accompanied her, talked about something, but she did not Listened. I had pictures of her walking down the runway, the best people Moscow and foreigners look at her, seeing her off with admiring eyes, and she looks down on everyone, and feels like a real queen, the No. 1 girl. And It all had to start tomorrow!

At the station, as she had been promised, She was met by two representatives of the largest modeling agency. They've passed Through the station, a Porsche Cayenne was waiting for them at the exit. Masha's eyes burned with surprise, Of course, Moscow, an expensive car, prospects, this is what it was born for! Her spirits were lifting, and in the first moments of her arrival in the capital, she was only sorry that she hadn't done it sooner. I should have gotten out of my hole a long time ago, and move to Moscow!

Soon they arrived. In front of her, as usual, opened the doors, and then she entered the Beautiful large building. There they were met by the head of the agency, Andrey Ivanovich Prodebuline.

- Andrey Ivanovich, you have a new a girl," one of the escorts told him.

Progibulin appraisingly, but at the same time somewhat indifferently, he glanced at Masha, and ordered Take her to the dressing room and change her clothes. Masha picked up excellent outfits from branded clothes that she had only seen in glossy magazines before. From such a the amount of beautiful clothes, she was beaming. As she looked around this large room and the wardrobe, she did not immediately notice that Progibulin had already entered, and with an appraising glance He looked at it, thinking something to himself. In a minute she was herself It's unpleasant to feel like she's a lookout horse and he's a groom who evaluates, whether it is suitable for horse racing. For the first time in her life, she was looked at without admiration

- Well, not bad. Very Not bad," he said, still looking at her, and at the same time, as if in passing, he'll have to show you to Roman Alexandrovitch, he's been there for a long time. He asked me to choose something special, you should suit him. So, baby, you've got you have every chance of succeeding! If you manage to please him, you will participate In the best shows, and there all the roads are open to you: you can easily succeed for an oligarch If you want to get married, you will be able to become a singer later, even as a model on the on the covers of the best magazines. Your data is good. Show your boobs!

- Right here? – embarrassed by the sudden, impudence, as it seemed to her, Masha.

She is I didn't understand then that this was Moscow, especially a well-known modeling agency, and They don't mess with girls here, as she is used to at home.

"Well, what did you think?" You will Do you want to become a model, or will you pretend to be a righteous virgin? - He asked, tired and irritated.

Masha slowly began to take off her outer clothes and unbutton your bra.

- Come on, come on, get moving. Not in Nightclub striptease showing. There's no need to break here, I've got a lot of things to do for today.

Masha stood naked large and beautiful breasts. Andrey Ivanovich came closer, made sure that both The breasts are real, without silicone, and checked them for elasticity. Then he told her take off her skirt, and unceremoniously pulled back the elastic of her panties, peering inside, and then I just lowered them down to my knees, stepped aside, and examined the new one from all the Parties.

- Okay, you can get dressed. You will be in a hotel, the living conditions are good, the car will be behind you come. I'll give you an escort and you'll do whatever he tells you to do. While I'm taking you to our girls, they'll pick up a wardrobe for you.

Thus began a difficult life in modeling agency. She had to constantly change her clothes, go to the group classes where they were taught how to gait properly. The teacher was stern, shouting at them, constantly saying that in order to become As a model and live beautifully, you will have to work a lot on yourself, especially in the beginning. In fact, there was no free time, often I even had to go to the toilet to ask for leave. It was explained to her that modeling is hard work, for which they They pay well, so she has to give her best, and do what she's told to be strict To keep to the diet, to dress and walk, as they say, and not even to go to the toilet When she wants to, and when she is told!

Hard days came for the spoiled Mashuli. At night she began to cry, and she thought about sitting calmly at home, and don't go to this evil Moscow.

After Masha took part in one serious show, Progibulin told her that tomorrow it would be It's been a tough day. Some big shot ordered that Masha and Progibulin should be present at an important event, where beautiful girls were needed as guests. After, a limousine ride on city, as well as walks and a small photo shoot. And then, he'll take her to the interview with Roman Viktorovich Naglov himself, about whom Progibulin told her on the first day, and that's where Masha might have big Prospects.

We picked it up quite early. Masha only had time to have breakfast and drink freshly squeezed juice. Arriving at agency, she was told to wear a red dress that made her look simple embarrassingly. Then she had her hair and makeup done. Now she looked real queen, other female models paled in comparison to her. With a natural You can't argue with the beauty. After drinking another glass of juice, they are in a limousine with Progibulin and a certain Podhalimko and two female models went to the triumph.

@@On In fact, there was a banquet in a semi-formal setting, at which There were people from high society, or just beautiful girls. Waiters In a tailcoat, treats and drinks were served on trays. Sycophantically took the glass champagne from the waiter's tray, and handed it to Masha. So delicious She had never drunk champagne in her life. Especially since I just adored this one drink and decided that it was better to relax, but only slightly, get drunk too must not. After fifteen minutes, she began to feel more comfortable, I was almost used to the environment, and the alcohol helped to relax and relieve tension and slight psychological discomfort. She caught admiring glances respectable men, and an arrogant, envious look on the part of girls and women who were smiling stiffly. After eating a couple of black caviar sandwiches, she I washed them down with juice this time so as not to get too drunk. Then he came up Progibulin, and said that in fifteen minutes a limousine would come and they would go in Moscow, where she will need to receive Participation in street photo shoots.

Soon They were already riding in the limousine. The relaxed girls laughed merrily, Sycophant laughed stupidly, looking at the models lustfully, especially at Masha. Then he opened champagne, and the girls began to offer their glasses with squeals. Masha didn't want to to drink champagne, but Sycophant said that she had to drink to the bottom, and she had to To be done. She thought to herself that she would refuse to drink any more, otherwise she'd get really drunk, and besides, after the champagne she wanted to go to the toilet, and There were still two photo shoots and a limousine ride ahead, so it's better for now stop. Moreover, no one had told her about her future plans, and she remembered that in the late afternoon she would have a very important and decisive destiny meeting.

Taking a ride for some time, they arrived at a beautiful place where they were already expected professional photographers. The girls began to be photographed one by one, more Of course, Masha. Then we took a group photo, got into the car, and We followed the limousine. Drunk Podsylimko carelessly opened another bottle, from which the cork flew out, pouring everything around, a couple of drops sprinkled and on Masha's dress. Progibulin winced. But the drunken girls are already with offered him their glasses, but Masha refused to drink.

- Maria, what are you doing My dear, I'll pour you a little, just a little," in a nasty, sweet voice Podsylimko began to chant.

Progibulin With a glance, he made it clear to her that she should not refuse, but also drink a lot.

- Okay, but just a little bit, - she said.

But He poured her a little more than half a glass anyway, and she had to drink it all. Her brain was a little foggy, and in addition to this state, Masha thought that It would be nice to visit the ladies' room...

The limousine had comfortable seats, a table, a bar, And there was no toilet. She had to endure, although it was already important for her and it would be interesting to find out what plans Andrey Ivanovich has after the photo shoot, and whether They have a toilet visit.

@@Suddenly I remembered my hometown, with my classmates and fans in love with her. Now any of them would be ready to bring her this toilet in their arms, but she is going with strangers, arrogant Muscovites who look at her as if she were alive doll, and they don't care about her wishes and problems at all! Nostalgia crept through her mind And it was with difficulty that she forced herself to pull herself together and not burst into tears of anguish. For a long time, she There was no need to rush into it, because soon they had already arrived in Perhaps an even more beautiful place. Photographers climbed out of the one that was following them cars, and the usual model fuss began, which, to be honest, Masha I was starting to get bored. She was lonely, sad, dreary, and she was also wanted to write, and all these people around her didn't care about her condition, They needed a photo shoot and she was just a beautiful model. Once again There were orders and instructions from photographers on how to get up, move, what kind of face to make." A smile, a smile." ...

- Okay, tear off the leg from the other one... (flash) Stop shrinking... (flash) so very good... (flash) A smile. (flash) Okay. (flash) Don't twitch that Are you still twitching like a dancer? Stand still, legs a little wider, that you have them Do you try to cross everything? You're a model, so behave like a model, don't be shackled, and her face... What's that sour face face? Don't be as gloomy as It's like you're at a funeral! (flash)(flash)(flash).

- "I just want to write" - Masha snapped to herself, but it was stupid to voice it.

She is For the first time in my life, I found myself in such a stupid position. Finally, the infinite The clicks stopped, the photographers thanked the girls and were glad that Today you can relax. The girls were told to get into the car, and Masha was told to go with the Progibulin and Podhalimko further. The same Roman Aleksandrovich, from whom Masha's fate depended, he was waiting for them at his place in an hour. Progvulin is just right with it He was talking on his cell phone, and in a slightly ingratiating and justifying tone, he assured that they would be coming very soon. At the same time Masha looked around, and I was only thinking about where to relieve myself, seeing perfectly well that at the moment There's just nowhere to go.

"Well, what are you worth?" Stop it Roman Alexandrovitch is waiting for you, he doesn't like it when people are late, and in the You can always get into a traffic jam in Moscow, so let's move out," she interrupted reflections on Progibulin's personal problem.

Soon She was already riding in the company of two respectable men. Progibulin was nervous in front of the impending visit, and Podsylimko surreptitiously stared at the girl, not daring to begin to speak. Apparently focused on her own problem, Masha's sour face made him hesitant, and he did not dare to address her. Maria I clearly felt the imperfection of the Moscow roads, because every bump and bump, over which they passed, very distinctly and unpleasantly reverberated in her urine Bubble.

@@"It's okay to off, isn't it?" She thought to herself, though she was aware of the absurdity of her own thought, for She's not a little girl... She remembered that it had happened to her only time when she was eight years old, but no one knew about it at all. They're with the class Returning from the tour, many girls began to whine that they wanted to go to the toilet. Later they all went out and ran into the bushes, and Masha alone sat proudly in the bus, Even then, she was aware of her peculiarity, although in fact she was very I was also against it, but I endured it without showing it. In the end, when he came out, out of school, and after making sure her classmates aren't around, she's at full speed I ran to the house, but I couldn't stand it while I opened the door to the apartment. No one's house It wasn't, and so Masha didn't worry, and soon forgot about such a ridiculous thing altogether Incident... Eleven years later, the situation repeated. Only it was already there Not a second-grader, but an adult beauty model with serious prospects. And Such a thing must have happened at such a crucial moment, when she was driving for a ticket to a new life! In general, she realized that now it was better not to take risks and not to Be proud, the problem must be solved.

- Andrey Ivanovich, we are in front of As soon as we get to Roman Alexandrovitch's, can we make a stop somewhere? - In a pleading voice she turned to her superior.

- What stop? What for? -not He cut in.

"Well, I've got to go to the bathroom!" Masha lowered her eyes, and shook her head a little.

"To the bathroom?!" Actually, we don't have a lot of I don't have time, and then where will I find you a toilet now? - with slight irritation, Progibulin asked.

- There's a restaurant nearby you can stop there," said Podlymko, looking at Masha with his devotees Eyes.

"Anton," he said Bend to the driver, - we will pass "Smuglyanka", you will stop, our The future star had to go to the potty.

Sycophant He couldn't help but grin, but stifled a laugh. He's salted his eyes looked at Masha, who sat tense and already anticipating how soon She will finally be free from the superfluous, and life will seem beautiful to her again!

- Yes, nothing human Alien. Even such beauties and stars," he said philosophically.

Soon they stopped. Progibulin told her to run away quickly and not to linger, because there was no time in the There was no more stock, it was impossible to stay behind the schedule. Masha broke into the door of the café, asked the guard, who was stunned by her beauty, where the toilet was, and She walked briskly in the direction he had indicated. But she was going to fail. It was at this moment that the cleaning lady, and an old, Soviet-style grandmother at that, I was cleaning up there with might and main, hanging a sign "CLEANING IS IN PROGRESS, DO NOT ENTER!". However, Masha asked her to come through.

"Are you blind?" Read Can? Don't you see what is written? There's all sorts of stuff walking around here, clean up after them later, They're always throwing pads past, I'm too lazy to pull the handle behind me. Out Today Some kind of infection got dirty, so I threw my panties and pantyhose right into the bucket... and I'll have to clean up after you, so there's no need to stand here in fifteen minutes You'll be patient!

Masha realized that it was useless to She did not manage to solve the problem. I called my cell phone Progibulin, and asked discontentedly how long she would wander there. Get off, they say, already from the potty, and went to Naglov, because he still did not have enough problems because of the some kind of star-sucker. She had to go back to the limousine without freshening up.

- Why are you walking around half-hour? There is no time to sit on the pushes now, now it is very important and A crucial moment for you and me! Progibulin was worried.

He he knew that for such a girl he would be rewarded by Naglov, and that such models like Masha, it is not so easy to find among other beauties. However, now our The star was in a very delicate and difficult position, and did not know that take action in such a situation. The hit my head literally, which slowed down the thought process even more. She was ready to give everything now Your jewelry, donated by fans, for the toilet bowl alone! There was such a thing I had a feeling that it was going to burst soon, and I thought it would soon come out of my ears.

In about fifteen minutes they We stopped near the fence, behind which we could see the mansion. Masha had never seen anything like that Even in the pictures, however, she wasn't interested in it at the time. She's barely able to She endured, and understood that if she did not solve the problem soon, then everything could end very sad and unpleasant for her. And, perhaps, for others too...

"Andrey Ivanovich," desperately She turned to the boss, "Will I be able to go to the toilet here?"

- Again?! Do you have diarrhea?! He asked rudely and discontentedly, astonished at such a question.

"No," she

@@blushed, "So what then, incontinence?" You've been to a café recently, haven't you?

- Yes, but I still haven't Went... or rather, I want to do it again," Masha began to justify herself, confused. blushing more and lowering his eyes.

"No, my dear beauty, Now be patient, you're not a little girl to be called to the potty at the first call drive! You can't imagine how serious and important a person we are Now let's go. Your fate and my fate depends on how you manifest yourself now. I got it? So be kind, do it well, and don't act like a little girl Pisss! He snapped peremptorily.

At that time, two guards opened the gate, and Soon they found themselves in a vast area covered with flowers and flowers. Lawns. The beauty was simply indescribable, but Masha could not appreciate it now The delights of landscape design. In front of the mansion there was a huge swimming pool, in which the girl, one of Naglov's daughters, was bathing. I stood a little to the side Another girl with a guy, they were laughing and drinking wine. Masha looked around convulsively around, hoping that there would be a toilet outside and she would be able to escape there.

Second Naglov's daughter, who was standing with the boy, came up and greeted Progibulin, They began to talk about something of their own. At the same time Masha was clenching her legs, and I felt that I could barely stand still, and soon I began to dance at all.

- Is she a former ballerina? Out of the corner of her ear she heard a mocking remark addressed to Progibulin.

That He glanced discontentedly in Masha's direction, sending her signals: "Stop it. Wait It's okay!" However, Maria knew that if she tried to stand still now, then irreparable things will happen to her, and she will not be the only one who will be ashamed. She's already She didn't think well at all, because the situation was completely not in her favor, and she I couldn't do anything, and by some miracle I managed to hold on.

Then They entered the mansion, everything inside was even more beautiful and chic than outside. The fateful moment was coming, but Masha was afraid to imagine how it would all end. They We entered a spacious hall of enormous dimensions. It was probably better here than in Kremlin. They walked through the room, where on a leather sofa at an oak table sat the same Roman Aleksandrovich Naglov. He even whistled when he saw a beautiful woman in a marvellous dress, and with a gesture showed Progibulin that he could be free for now. He immediately obeyed and went out. Poor Beauty Maria was left alone with this important and serious man, and her own an unresolved problem that was already bursting at the seams! She's gathered all the Her will into a fist, and she strained her sphincter with all her might so as not to muddy right there.

However Naglov was in a trance of admiration. He came closer to Masha and in a long monologue expressed his admiration for her. Tears welled up in Mashulia's eyes, she I could get wet in a second! However, Naglov decided that Masha was just confused and frightened by the unfamiliar surroundings, and when she began to dance and I decided that it was cool here and she was just frozen.

- Masha, Masha. You're just work of art! - he sang her praises, - You'll have the best You will become a star, the whole world will know about you. But you know Nothing is done just like that? I like you very much and I can give you a start in life, if you'll be kind to me.

She didn't even take his dirty hints, and felt like a helpless child, a little girl who was lost, stands among strangers who ask her questions about where she lives, how They call your mom and dad, reassure them that they will definitely find her, and none of them They don't realize that first the girl needs to be taken to the toilet, and then Ask the rest of the questions.

@@In the meantime Naglov came up behind her, and, continuing to talk about the prospects, he slapped Masha on her delicious ass. In this year, She slipped a little into her panties, and felt a warm dampness between her legs. She couldn't even say "I want to go to the bathroom." and stood silently, realizing that Not much depends on her. Insolent became even more inflamed, not noticing at all, that something was going on with the girl. And Maria, barely restraining herself, screamed again, sprinkling her panties and the very top of her thighs. At that very moment, Naglov abruptly shoved in Masha's hand under her dress, and felt her panties, putting his own for a few seconds a finger in her "shell". Feeling the warm, damp cloth, he thought that Masha was aroused. And out of stupidity and self-confidence he was flattered that he was the cause. At At that moment, tears poured from Masha's eyes, and a slight hysteria began. She is was still standing and holding back the tide that was about to crash down on the road Persian carpet at any moment. Seeing that the girl was crying, Naglov at first bewildered, and then, in a sweet greasy voice, began to ask what had happened, but Masha could not say anything, but only sobbed. Tears ran down her face But the expensive mascara didn't smudge.

"Well, Mashulya, why don't you so? You want to be a star, don't you? He muttered, and began to hold her close to him. which made Masha sob even more.

- Please, Don't put pressure on my stomach.," she begged, letting more and more of the additional pressure created by Naglov, into the underpants, - I Need pee really bad

And at the same moment she relaxed. Legs Warm streams flowed, the bladder emptied with relief, and the Persian the carpet was soaked in its contents...

At first, Naglov didn't get into the what happened. He didn't understand where the hissing and noise was coming from. Later I felt that his slippers were getting wet for some reason. And then his his face turned crimson as he stepped aside, and saw how under Masha on his beloved Persian carpet forms and spreads a large damp dark spot. And the beautiful model instinctively half-crouched, and from under her dress, slightly Touching its very edges, a stream poured onto the carpet as if from a tap. For a minute he didn't knew how to react, began to thrash around, build strange mines, and then frantically dialed someone's number on their cell phone and yelled obscenities at them They immediately came here, and took their star, which on his carpet.

Masha She was in a slight shock, and she doesn't even remember how she got out of there. The progivulin was darker than a cloud after he left the hall. It seems that Naglov took off him expensive jacket and forced Progibulin to dry the carpet with it.

That's how it was with my modeling career Finished. Masha was disgracefully expelled from the modeling agency, and the next day In the afternoon she returned home, where she was happily greeted. Naturally, about the real I didn't tell anyone why. She just said that everything was there insensitive, callous, and indifferent. In addition, everything is done through bed, and she didn't want to lose her honor. However, a year later, she still She went to Moscow again, but this time she went to university. With a classmate Katya began to rent an apartment, and one day I told her the whole story. They laughed about it together. Katya said that's what he needed to the director and the boss, who wiped the puddle after Masha. And then she confessed that and she had a worse story in Moscow...

