711 walk

Author: peepal1

*000*2023-10-20 07:45

Contains Desperation, holding, peeing by a female. Relief

It was a cold day outside, having been gone all day was tiring on my body.

I thought to myself as i saw a speck of warm sun shining in to the house, what a nice day for a walk, maybe i will go get some candy at 711.

Not living far away i thought of possibilities, as it was nearing mid afternoon now and i wanted to be sure i was walking alone.

So i started walking there and about halfway started feeling like i had to pee badly and was lightly holding myself as i continued walking and the store came into view. Me thinking about relief.

So i went inside the store feeling desperate by now but shy none the less, started looking at all the magazines slowly heading to the bathroom.

Looking to make sure i was alone, opened the door, locked the door and started taking my pants, shoes and underwear off and now half naked sat down on the toilet singing to myself as a distraction for my shy bladder and let go. Pee gushed out of my pussy and thundered on as i tried to be quiet so nobody heard me pee. the streaming continued a few more minutes until it turned to drips and stopped. Relief showing on my face, i wiped myself, stood up, got my pants, underwear and shoes on again and left the bathroom.

Looking at the magazines again and sanitizing my hands, getting my penny candy to eat on the way home paying for the candy and leaving to head home.

Now being empty it didn't take nearly as long to get home to help make supper.

Doing rituals between standing and pulling clothing on.

