Stripper Diana

Author: peeacsfan

*000*2024-04-26 12:08

On one of February's cold For a few days, my friends and I went to a nightclub. In my life This was the very period when the weekly trips to nightclubs, Alcohol and meeting girls for further hookups stopped me interest. Dark January evenings I spent with some special pleasure alone, listening to Lacrimosa's album "Einsamkeit". Succumbing to persuasion, without With great desire and enthusiasm, I nevertheless agreed to accompany them, and sat there there, slowly sipping a Holstein beer as my favorite unfiltered in There was no menu. 

The mood was winter, nothing interesting was expected, one of the buddies persistently texted with his girlfriends, counting on sex with one of them right after the club. The capricious Vikulka was biting slightly Kole's brain. From time to time, I heard snatches of phrases where she said what she wanted Next time I want to go to a different place, but in such a way that I don't have to go by plane, or else he doesn't want to get into such an idiotic situation as last summer boarding the plane...

There were a lot of people, but There were no interesting, unusual girls in sight, however, as always. At the club dance music was playing, occasionally alternating with slow dances, but I didn't want anybody. At times, the pulse of the rhythm and the electronic bass were interrupted by idiotic contests with the host in the image of Verka-Serduchka. The main contingent of the club was happy and satisfied, some "particularly interesting" girls squealed after another "brilliant" joke or ridiculous situation during the contest. As for me, It was more amusing to watch the reactions of the spectators and their faces, in which you could read the Such indescribable delight that some of them must be in a fit of laughter A little peeed in my panties. One of them was Vika, the obsessive girlfriend of my acquaintance If. He didn't dare to break up with her, even though he still hoped to do so.

Contests at last were over, and the whole pack of us went to move, especially since the old Th prodigy's composition "Out of space", in which the rhythmic buttock part alternated with slow melodic reggae. We didn't manage to dance for a long time, as "Serduchka" came out again, which for a long time announced a surprise for today's visitors, loudly and solemnly announcing "Beautiful Diana!!!". Enigma sounded, the venue was lit up with multi-colored beams of spotlights, and on the The scene came out really beautiful, slender, seemingly impudent and self-confident a "burning" brunette who, having entered the character and giving her all out, became dance your erotic dance, causing stares and dropped jaws along the way the male half of the hall, as well as the envious glances of the girls.

Out of the corner of my ear I heard Vicky's disgruntled voice, addressed to Alexander:

- "Kol, come with me, I'll go to the toilet", on that Kolya, without taking his eyes off Diana's dance, replied: "Vika, the toilet is in the corridor, Go alone." The "capricious" reacted with pouting lips and looks of jealousy on Kolya and hating the stripper because she riveted her eyes and won the attention of her boyfriend, whom Vika considered her property.

The At the same time, the dancing beauty demonstrated her flexible, perfectly slender body, throwing off her night toilet, and remaining in her bra and panties. To your heart's content after teasing men, including me (I'll admit, she turned me on a lot) the treacherous Diana quickly unbuttoned her bra and threw it in the direction of Nicholas, apparently deciding to teach Vika a lesson, or maybe it happened by accident. The audience gasped when they saw two naked "melons" that were truly wonderful and appetizing; A little She stood in the doggy pose, non-verbally hinted that now She took off her panties, but only allowed me to see the fragment for a few seconds bare buttocks, but I didn't bare them completely. Then threw a sexy She winked, licked her lips and disappeared...

Hall roared with delight, the music still didn't stop, and a minute later Diana appeared on stage in a thong and with a red rose in her teeth, which for a moment in my The cover of the album "Appetite for destruction" by Guns'n'roses surfaced. Throwing the rose into the hall, Diana froze for a second in an inviting pose, twisted her ass, She climbed on the pole, went down, rubbed her against it, sat on her knees stunned guy, jumped up, and with a slow erotic movement took off her ropes, called thongs, showing off your ass to everyone present and clean Shaved pubis, only a couple of times her pink slit came into view. Bypassing the the last time she came up to me, rubbed her ass against my jeans in that the very place where the part of my body, hard with excitement, was hiding. Then turned in front of her, and for a few seconds simulated sexual intercourse with Me.

After Such an event I needed to cool off, so I ordered myself a cold beer. For about fifteen minutes at our table there was a discussion of the very last moment. related to me and Diana. We decided to dance some more, came to the hall, where right on the on the bar counter in the pose of a cat with some meteorosexual, already half-dressed Diana imitated sexual intercourse and orgasm in dance. Looking at this production, it was clear that in sex she is capable of many things, and there are hardly such things that she could have been embarrassed or ashamed, she looked so liberated and Depraved.

Then I went to the toilet, where I was as usual The queue is mainly to the ladies' room. In the door with the sign "M" stood three Guy. However, two girls who looked into the room "Zh" began to beg the guy let them go to the men's room, motivating them by the fact that they really want to pee and not in the women's Break. The guy in front of him mumbled in a lustful smile "Yes, girls, anything for you," and when they thanked and walked in.

He said, "Well, what can't you do for the girls..." They wrote and it is not known what else the girls were doing there for more than five minutes, and when We went out, and the same "good guy" came in, the rest of the girls decided to follow suit those two who were relieved. The other guy in front of him was hard and Unmoved: the two maidens coaxed, persuaded to let them pass, and spat, the other two tried to break down the stone wall, with one of them demonstrating dancing of a novice ballerina, and talentedly portraying the unfortunate but clearly feigned mines, She uttered phrases: "Young man, let me in, otherwise I'm in the legs will flow", "Well, let it go, otherwise it will remain on your conscience that I am through your fault I'm going to pee now," "I'm going to die of a ruptured bladder," but it's just dry He said, "Drink less beer!", went to the toilet and closed the door behind him. After that, the "ballerina" She said to her friend, as if nothing had happened: "Come on, Nadya, I'd better go somewhere Possu Street, or I'm going to piss myself off now," and the girls disappeared.

@@A minute later, she almost ran out of the hall One opened the door of the ladies' room, momentarily experiencing shock at what she saw pictures where a crowd of girls patiently and some eagerly awaited their minutes of emptying the bladder, and began to turn to me with a request let her come with me, or she'll have an accident and pee. "Straight Some kind of club," I thought. But the girl explained to me that she didn't pretends to go out of turn, and will come in with me if I don't against. I didn't mind. However, it seemed to me that this girl was really runs the risk of not being able to make it in time if she waits in line for the women's room, which did not prevent her from stop talking, asking what my name is, if I have a girlfriend, what kind of phone I have, how often I use it club, at the same time informing that she was drinking beer with her friends at the table, and sat there to the last, forgetting about the queues, and, thank God, I'll let her come in with Otherwise, she doesn't know what to do, because her bladder doesn't rubber, and here everyone is adult and what is there to be ashamed of, all the girls have a butt the same (which I don't agree with) and that she personally isn't shy of me, and She hopes that I won't be ashamed of her either, because she's ready to turn away... and and so on tra-ta-ta, blah-blabla... She rattled incessantly, at the same time dancing.

When We went into the booth, the girl said to me "Come on, you're the first, don't be shy," and even though it was difficult with a half-aroused begin to pee, yet her phrases are uttered as if I were a little boy: "Pee, don't be shy," persuaded my body to start this action. On the other hand, The girl unbuckled her belt and fly, at the same time commenting that she Unbuttons jeans to relieve pressure on the abdomen. Then with the right hand squeezed herself between her legs, explaining in the tone of a diligent schoolgirl that it was easier for her that way. to endure, otherwise he is afraid to pee.

Her finest hour had come, too, when she pulled down her jeans and panties and sat down over the toilet, letting off a powerful stream, and Rolling her eyes, she just said blissfully: "Good, such a relief!" I Like a true gentleman, handed her a piece of paper, she rubbed her "" as if nothing had happened, She pulled on her jeans, thanked me again, and we walked out of the booth, bumping into each other. with the looks of my astonished buddies. Before entering the hall, my recent The "partner" in the toilet threw out the phrase: "By the way, Diana liked you very much, and she It's very rare that he falls for someone," she told me and handed me a piece of paper, "Here's her number. Call her, invite her somewhere, she'll be glad.

@@Typed I cherished the numbers a few days later late in the evening. It turned out that in addition to Diana had a pleasant melodious voice. Talk to us glued up instantly, as if we were old acquaintances who hadn't communicated, and during this time both of them had a lot of interesting events, which we willingly and enthusiastically shared with each other. Diana told me A lot of things about herself are quite frank: about how she was adored by the boys at school And they did not like the teachers; How, at the age of seventeen, she participated in competitions beauty, and took third place; about difficult relationships with guys and men; about the first love and the first disappointment; First Sex and Attitudes to Sex and Its multiple manifestations; about his favorite books and music (it turned out that he loves musicians, and I was just doing music as a hobby); about obsessive and annoying fans, about an attempted (failed) rape; About their own current suitors, and the fact that, by and large, none of them were her is really interesting, and my heart is not in any of them; about the fact that she loves flowers and goods from the sex shop; about the difficult relationship with parents, who disapprove of her occupation; admitted that from time to time He works part-time as an Internet model, communicating via webcam with clients from Western continents, for which considerable sums of money are dripped; about what she likes dance striptease because she's very liberated by public stripping in dance, but at such moments it is completely different, not the one that is at the moment talks to me on the phone; about the fact that sometimes she wants to go back to childhood and being a little girl; About the memory of the first love in the period of kindergarten; about the first time she kissed a guy when she was twelve years old, and in the second grade, in physical education class, I really wanted to go to the toilet, The physical instructor made them run, jump rope, do exercises, and she I only thought about when the lesson would end, and when it was over, I said a classmate that she wouldn't go to math class because she had a headache, and I ran home to the toilet myself, but because I endured the whole lesson, I didn't make it to the bathroom pooped in her pants (at this point Diana giggled bashfully), and when she called At the bell, Dad opened the door, and she was very ashamed that she had pooped and he was I found out about it; about trips to the south and abroad, about the banality of most people, about dislike of television...

On The street was already beginning to dawn, the street sweepers were rustling with shovels and scrapers, people They hurried to the bus stop to get to work, and the students to the and Diana was telling and telling about her life.

Every day, or rather every night, We called each other and talked like old acquaintances. She could tell me everything anything, the most candid stories, and I didn't lag behind, telling a lot of events from your life. Another strong point of ours was philosophizing. We've been working for hours could discuss the problems of marriages, relationships, sex and taboos, the phenomenon of the popularity of "House Two" and "Star Factory", equality and paternalism Russian society... A couple of times I went to a nightclub to see her performances, after which we spent an hour on the phone discussing the details of her striptease.

Only A month or so later, we chatted on the phone as usual until 1 a.m. and Diana suggested, "Let's meet right now, come and visit me." It was a bit of a surprise, but I wasn't particularly surprised. I didn't bet to be her guest, with all that entails, and not developed strategies to penetrate her bed and "her", which is why I ended up there...

To say that it was good with her is to say that Nothing to say. Not many lucky people succeed in life for at least a while It's time to get such a non-standard outspoken, shrewd and intelligent beauty stripper, But I managed to do it without much effort and material investment and special conquests. In bed, she worked wonders: the was incomparable, Kisses sent her somewhere out into space, her vagina could contract and unclench into the right moments, the nipples of her juicy breasts bulged out, and she moaned voluptuously, When I touched them with my lips and gently nibbled my teeth, the hole of her ass was always open to me, and Dianoushka adored it when I "visited" her. once she gave me an erotic massage, just like I gave her

Sometimes She met me in the uniform of a conductor, a police officer, a schoolteacher and a student in a nurse's dressing gown, and then we began to enter into the images of others people, which turned us on a lot, and naturally ended with sex and Diana's powerful orgasm, moreover, repeated many times. She could to be different: a submissive slut and a capricious model, a small modest and young lecherous, untouchable and nymphomaniac, submissive slave and commander, in sex There were no boundaries, we were not shy about experimenting.

By the middle of spring, when the weather was getting better warmer, we liked to go out in the evenings, and Diana provoked me, which is often It ended with sex on the street, on the veranda of the kindergarten, in the toilets of the café. Once upon a time We rode on a crowded bus and I brought her to orgasm with my finger while we stood there, and my finger slipped through her panties under her short skirt in There was a time when we almost made it to her bed, but I had it Incontinence: I started fucking her in the elevator.

All in all, winter in the style of "Einsamkeit" Lacrimosa "All You Ever Think About Is Sex" by Sparks in the spring. Nay To this day, Diana remains for me a symbol and a standard of sex in practice. It was sex without boundaries or boundaries.

Along On weekends, she still danced a striptease, caught lustful men's eyes, but at that time the place in her bed was occupied by me. At the same time, her frankness, bordering on depravity, Diana was very well-read, intelligent, erudite and cultured girl: she could be completely naked on We were not embarrassed even if someone accidentally caught us practicing sex on the street, but at the same time she never allowed herself to swear in public, littering, spitting.

Exactly one day before When summer came, my friends invited me to a barbecue. Diana admitted that In all my life I have never gone to such picnics, and I would really like to go with Me.

It was twenty-five degrees Celsius in the city, and For the first time, we went to the so-called pre-summer outdoor get-together with my Friends. Of course, they all recognized Diana, and immediately understood where I had been for so long disappeared all spring. Quick and fun preparations, laughter... Soon the kebabs were ready, juicy soft pork meat melted in his mouth, there was a bang, and Kolya He began to pour champagne for everyone. Diana loved champagne, and despite the fact that Red wine would have gone well with the kebab, she was happy to wash it down with playful wine fizzy drink. Then someone even thought about going for a swim. But the water was still cold and the idea was gone.

Later Three o'clock, when everyone was full and the last bottle of champagne was running out, There was an invitation for everyone to go for a walk in the city center. Everyone was just but unfortunately everyone didn't get in the car, and Diana said, that we'll join them later. We went to the bus stop. Immediately drove up minibus heading to the center, but Diana stopped me:

"No, let's wait for another one minibuses and drive home.

"Okay," I agreed.

Still, our minibus There were none, but four gazelles passed one after the other from those that are going to the city.

- Maybe we should go to the center? - "No, go home first," I

@@said abruptly Diana snapped. She stood there for a while and then explained the reason for this behavior. You have to go to the toilet.

- Do you want to pehold ite?

- Yes, to be honest, it's been a long time I'm already patient," she explained the reason for her reluctance to go to the center.

- Well, I would say so, and I would go into the bushes, business-like.

"It's easy for men to reason," She grinned, "And it's harder for a girl to do that and go unnoticed."

"Come on," he said, surprised. That's the answer I answered, "Let's go now, before you leave, you're going to pee."

- No, I'd rather get home. I I'll never go into the bushes, even at gunpoint, I'm so brought up that I won't throw a piece of paper on the sidewalk, I won't spit, and I'll go to the toilet to pee, and not how A dog in a bush.

To be honest, it's my first time faced with such a principled attitude in such a scrupulous but natural but Diana was firm in her intentions. At that moment, though, I was just I was surprised, but I didn't take her words seriously.

Still, the necessary minibus arrived, and we got into the her: Dianushka is at the window, and I am on the edge. The driver turned off the engine and waited passengers who were in no hurry to board. Five minutes of silence were broken Dianin addressed him:

"I'm sorry, we'll be here for a long time stand?

"Are you in a hurry?" The driver asked jokingly.

- Yes, I'm in a hurry, Could we go already?

Oddly enough, the driver, Apparently under the influence of the feminine charms of such a beauty, he decided to spit on his own interests, immediately started the engine and drove off.

"Thank God, it's hard She said, "Or we can wait forever."

Diana was at that moment taciturn and tense, but what surprised me was why she didn't I went into the bushes. Along the way, it dawned on me that, from the moment we moved out of the house, Diana never went to the toilet, even when everyone was eating barbecue and drank champagne. She was the only one who didn't go into the bushes, It turned out that there was a lot of accumulation in it, but I was still driven into Bewilderment, her Spartan patience. At that moment, she was riding with her legs tightly clenched, but not fidgeting, and she was sitting there exactly.

- Diana, do you really want to go to the toilet? I asked quietly and delicately,

"That's not the right word!! - Strained through clenched teeth she did not give the slightest outward sign of her condition.

- Why didn't you go to the bushes? I know it's indecent, but why bother?

- Well, I'll have to do it I can't be patient, there's nothing I can do about it, I'll get there," she began to assure me, and perhaps persuade myself, Diana, I hope...

Needless to say, I understood one thing is that the talkative and emotional Diana will be able to become her former self as soon as get rid of the excess fluid that has accumulated inside it.

The problem seems to have been exacerbated when we began to drive through a piece of old road with potholes and frequent speed bumps. Diana bit her lip, but she still held firm, only changing her position at one point, putting her foot on top of her leg, and pressing her thighs tightly together.

"Are you sure you'll make it?" - I began to seriously worry about her, - maybe we should go out here and run to some café?

"I don't know," she said in a choked whisper, worried.

Position her was so critical that the sexy and always liberated beauty, She even spoke with great difficulty. She had to take a deep breath of air, and It was only enough for a few words to be uttered with difficulty, if here I'll go out....what if they don't let me in... I won't make it...

Diana felt so hard that she She bit her lip, perspiration appeared on her forehead, and her eyes stood with tension Tears. And yet, she didn't fidget, she didn't twitch her legs, and she wasn't very observant A person from the outside would not understand that this beauty really wants to go to the toilet. Unexpectedly for Diana, the driver, without slowing down, drove into a lying man policeman, and at that moment Diana gave herself away for a moment, involuntarily grimacing, reflexively clasping his hand between his legs and tightly crossing and clenching her legs, however, with the last of her strength she pulled herself together and assumed the appearance of iron and stern A lady you'd better not approach. The policeman was not in vain, because on the A tiny wet spot appeared in Diana's shorts...

"There's just a little bit left," I tried to reassure her.

- I don't know... Will I be enough for just a little," she said sadly.

- At least to walk home, and then - Running to the toilet!!!

- Don't tease me, or I'll be right I'll go here," she smiled.

- That's it, I'm silent.

Despite the fact that we're about to As we drove up, a second was counted in minutes, and minutes in hours. And it's okay to get there – the hardest part was getting there, although if I were Diana I would sit right behind the Stop... She was lucky in one way - we were traveling in an empty minibus, only two women We drove ahead, we had to pass the last stop, but either they had shorts super moisture-absorbing properties, or Diana was losing ground – a stain on her his shorts had grown so that only a blind man could not see him from the outside. When we arrived, Diana struggled to get out of her seat in this way. It's like she's got a hernia. I gave a hundred roubles, did not take change, and helped Diana to get out... and It seems that while she was getting up... However, what can I say: the champagne came out a little, and I needed more to go home. We walked very fast, and Diana managed to say:

"Yes, the first kebab is a lump. Seem I spilled a little while driving.

That's okay... Even though nothing would have happened If I

@@had run into the bushes in time - No way, never!!

Oh, those girls, every one of them something of my own. So Diana hammered the principle into her head and herself from it suffered, continues to suffer, but does not deviate from its rules. When As they approached the house, she said,

"Let's walk, or I'll have There was once a case when I got stuck in an elevator and almost peed... Elevator Operator managed to save me.

Here's another one of the secrets, oh which she had never told before. But no matter how steadfast Diana is, As soon as we entered the stairwell and saw that the elevator was on the first floor, she I decided to take a risk – I pressed the call button and we dragged ourselves to the seventh floor. Here Diana unglued herself and began to behave like all girls in such a situation: shuffle from foot to foot, dance, squeeze the crotch with your hands, and begging the elevator to crawl faster:

"Hurry, I'm here I'll pee as soon as possible, because I've been carrying so much, I can't take it anymore, I won't tell you. Oh, mommy, I can't tell you, hurry!! Damn it, I can't hold it anymore!! Yes I probably won't be able to stand it now. Oh, damn, my strength is gone... Oh my god I'm now I'll pee... Oh s, how do you want to piss... Oh, bunny, my bubble, well, be patient some more a bit... A little more, please... Oh, I'm going to off, I can't take it anymore I'm going to burst now, well, my dear, I need to go to the toilet... Oh, it's about to pour... well At last, quick, my dear, open the door."

The more Diana fell into panicked and persuaded herself to be patient, the less the sphincter resisted the pressure fluid that overflowed her bladder. The body of the beauty refused to obey and obey his mistress, I could clearly see from the outside how Her shorts are dark from missing fluids, and her thighs are moist, but it's not about the puddle in the elevator Came.

How As soon as I opened the door to the apartment, my sweet beauty hurriedly burst into the bathroom, forgetting about the toilet, stepped over the bathtub with a girlish moan and stood I was relieved right in my clothes. I walked in after him, and I saw a magic Picture: A beautiful stripper whose body most people would like to possess men of the planet, stood with rolled eyes, as if at the strongest and longest orgasm, there was less and less dry space on the shorts, and on the legs coming out of the covered with shorts of the spring, a bubbling waterfall on her bare thighs, flowed the liquid that she had been accumulating and steadfastly carrying from the picnic on the lake, falling down trickling down the legs and forming a small lake flowing into the drain Bathroom opening.

- What a thrill!!! -with relief and pleasure she said, "it is incomparable to any Orgasm!!! It's a thousand times cooler just to go peeing!!!

@@As soon as the waterfall became I turned on the handle of the faucet, turned on the shower, and on top of my beauty poured water, and it became quite wet. Next, I climbed right in my clothes. We were both standing there wet in the shower, laughed and got (I've been for a long time), then began to kiss, and to peting right in wet clothes, like Teenage children. To take off her wet jeans and Diana's all-important shorts, stuck to her ass, I had to exert myself, but still I won and we both stood like Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden. Still, I kept kissing every part of her body, starting with her breasts, going down, down, down, that's why Diana rolled her eyes and got. At last my lips were at the level of the Dianin lower lips, and I penetrated deep with my tongue, feeling a pleasant sweet taste, In spite of the fact that for a few minutes this hole spewed out after a long patience all the champagne that has accumulated. Three minutes later, Diana struggled to She said, "Take me quickly, fuck me well, do everything to me you want to!" I turned her back to me, Diana leaned forward and leaned forward with my hands into the edge of the tub and I penetrated it from behind...

Harassed We have sex with each other until the morning, when we are completely exhausted, especially our genitals. This evening was the quintessence of our sexy relationships – sex to the fullest, to the maximum, to the point of exhaustion.

Exactly two weeks later, Diana She told me that she was leaving her job because she was offered a job for a border, a caretaker on some island. And two weeks later, I I took her to the train, where we said goodbye without too much sentimentality, and in fifteen minutes before leaving, we went into the compartment with her, closed the door and took care of the farewell Sex. Then there was a message asking the mourners to leave the car, I went out, looked out the window, looking at his sexy pretty, the train moved slowly, she slowly moved away from me, and soon disappeared completely. I walked slowly towards the bus stop, inserted headphones in my ears, pressed "Play" and left the station to a cheerful disco song "All You Ever Think About Is Sex" by Sparks.

*002*2024-04-26 17:08

Yes, I originally wrote these stories in Russian. And in Russian, the word to write with emphasis on the second syllable means Write, and with emphasis on the first - Piss

*004*2024-04-27 04:06

I can post a collection of short stories in the original language by attaching a file with all the texts. Machine translation is not perfect, I agree, but probably the general meaning and storyline are clear in this version. These stories are many years old, and they have not been very successful with us. But they were important to me at the time, and I spent a lot of creative energy to create them. And now I decided to share them here

