My Mom is Such a `B----`! - Revised and Complete

Author: Peter Pants

*009*2017-01-16 05:31

Chapter 20: A Sleepless Night

“Crap! Now what do I do?” I thought to myself.

“Peter?” Jane whispered a bit louder “Are you there? I really need that Goodnite! Mom came up and asked for the second pack this evening and the first thing she did was count them! Where could it be?”

“I uhmm.. I mean.. Uhmm… It uhmm.. It must have fallen out in the back of my car!” I immediately winced at the lie I had just told my best friend.

“Well I hope so, I told Mom it must be under my bed or something. I got lucky this time cause Mom’s got an early meeting tomorrow. She just said I’d better find it or else and went off to bed. I really don’t want to know what or else means Peter. PLEASE make sure you find it!” Jane pleaded “She probably won’t ask in the morning since she’s leaving early but I know she’ll be expecting me to have it when she gets home!”

“Don’t worry, I’ll have it in the morning” I assured her. How exactly I was going to manage that I had no idea!

“Thanks Peter, you’re a really good friend. You know sometimes I think that maybe we should… I mean that I… I mean you.. I mean your great Peter! You’re a great friend, good night!” Jane sounded obviously flustered.

“Good night” I answered back as I hung up the phone.

‘What was that all about?’ I wondered.

But it didn’t really matter. Whatever Jane trying to say, whatever she was about to confess, only one thing was on my mind. I had just lied to my best friend. I felt horrible!

The diaper I was so excited about trying didn’t matter anymore. I laid in bed thinking about what to do next. I guess in the morning I would return the store, buy ANOTHER pack of Goodnites and take one out of that pack to give to Jane. At least that will keep her out of trouble, I told myself.

Still I felt bad. Jane had been so open and honest with me about her bedwetting, her diapers, everything. But I just couldn’t tell her the reason the Goodnite was missing was that I had worn it. Still, if she knew I had had an accident maybe she wouldn’t feel so bad about her own. And I knew she wouldn’t think any less of me. Being completely honest though I hadn’t just worn that Goodnite because I was afraid of another accident. And I certainly had wet it on accident. I definitely couldn’t tell Jane THAT part! I tossed and turned the rest of the night trying to decide what to do. I had barely closed my eyes when I was jarred awake by my alarm clock.

Chapter 21: The Confession

I sat up in bed a shut off my alarm. It took me a minute to remember what I was wearing. I pulled back the covers. The diaper was completely dry. I was definitely not becoming a bed wetter again. However this morning I didn’t feel like using my diaper. I just tore it off, balled it up, and shoved it into the bottom of my waste basket. I stepped into the shower still dwelling on the lie I had told Jane the night before. Jane trusted me so much and I hadn’t trusted her at all. As I finished up my shower I became resolved at what I had to do. I would tell Jane the truth. Well, most of it anyway. I would tell her about my accident and that I had tried one of the Goodnites. I would leave out the details of the dream that had caused the accident and any ulterior reasons I had for wearing one the next night.

I got dressed and hid the dry balled up diaper in the bottom of my book bag. As I got in the car and pulled out of my driveway another realization hit me. I could be honest with Jane but that still didn’t solve the problem with her mother. Her mom was still expecting Jane to produce the Goodnite that afternoon. If Jane’s mom found out I was the reason it was missing then she would know I had been involved. Then it would be just a few short dots for her connect that I had been at the house with Jane alone. That wouldn’t end well for either one of us! There was only one thing to do, I turned my car in the direction of the drug store.

As I walked through the door of the store I realized if any employees had paid attention to my purchases over the past few days they probably thought we had a lot of bedwetters at my house! Still, being that this was a drug store I doubt my purchase was all that unusual, they probably hadn’t even noticed. When I got to the diaper aisle it became apparent exactly how ‘not unusual’ my purchase really was! The shelf for girl’s L-XL Goodnites was empty! Apparently there were a lot more people out there wetting their beds than I realized! My mind wandered for a moment wondering if any of the other girls at my school had purchased the other packs. Still, this was a problem, I was supposed to be in school in 15 minutes and I had no Goodnite to give to Jane! I’d just have to figure something out later, getting detention for being late would certainly not improve the situation.

I got to school, parked the car and enterd the building with only a few minutes to spare. Jane was waiting by my locker.

“Oh thank goodness Peter” Jane exclaimed “I was beginning to think you weren’t coming. If you were absent today I don’t know what I would have done! Please tell me you have the uhmm… thing!”

“It’ll be fine” I said trying to avoid lying again.

“You did find it…” Jane started to look worried.

“We’ll talk at lunch” I replied “We got to get to class”

“Peter….” Jane started, but was cut off by the bell.

We both hurried off to our first class. I wasn’t looking forward to lunch today.

I tried to avoid talking with Jane until lunch time. I ducked into the bathroom between classes and said I had to go back to my locker for something I forgot. I hoped Jane didn’t think was mad at her.

When lunch finally rolled around I guided Jane over to a table in the far corner of the cafeteria.

“All right Peter, what’s going on?” Jane sounded perturbed “Your acting pretty weird. Did you find the freakin’ diaper or what?”

“I didn’t find it” I started, Jane’s expression went from annoyed to worried.

“I didn’t find it, because I couldn’t” I continued.

“What do you mean you couldn’t?” Jane was sounding panicked again “You’ve got to find it Peter, you got to look again! Do you KNOW what’s going to happen to me if I don’t have it when Mom gets home this afternoon? She said that I would…”

“Look there’s no point in looking again” I said cutting her off “It’s not there!”

“What do you mean it’s not there?” Jane replied “It’s got to be there it’s not like you used it or something!”

“Well actually…”

Jane’s eyes got wide “Peter! You mean you USED it? Why?!?”

“Just listen!” I replied, “This hard for me to say, but I had an uhmm.. an accident the other night”

“What do you mean an ‘accident’” Jane asked “is this that ‘boy thing’ we learned about in sex ed?”

“No, like a REAL accident” I answered (she of all people should have known what I meant!)

“Look” I explained “I had this dream and I woke and I had peed in my bed! I’m sorry I should have told you. I mean you told me about all your accidents”

“Well maybe not all of them” Jane said blushing slightly “I’ve had those kinds of dreams too. Was it the one where you think your sitting on the toilet only to wake up and find there was never a toilet at all, just your mattress?”

“Yeah, that’s the one!” I said deciding that was a better option than telling her my REAL dream.

“But you’ve told me about that, that you used to, you know… wet…” I reminded Jane.

“No, I told you I used to wet the bed, like back when we were freshmen” Jane was blushing furiously now “I’ve had ‘those’ kind of dreams more recently, like this past summer”

“Oh, okay” I said trying to sound like it wasn’t a big deal.

“Anyway, I had several of these ‘incidents’ last summer” Jane went on “and that’s why my mom had the Goodnites still”

“And why you have a plastic sheet on your bed” I said without thinking.

“How do you know about that?” Jane looked mortified.

“Sorry I didn’t mean to upset you” I assured her “When I went up to get your.. thing.. the other day I noticed. Really, it’s no big deal! I mean with everything else you’ve told me a plastic sheet is no big thing!”

“I know” Jane admitted “It’s just that… Well I haven’t needed it for a while, well a few months at least, Mom just hasn’t taken it off my bed yet.”

“It’s fine!’ I repeated “I mean I wish I had one on my bed the other night! My mattress was completely soaked!”

“So that’s why you wore one of my…” Jane said putting it all together.

“Yes” I replied “I didn’t want to take a chance on ruining the other side of my mattress!”

“But their girl’s Goodnites” Jane noted, “You mean you wore..”

“It was better than the alternative” I stated flatly

“Still I would have liked to have seen that!” she shot back.

“That is NOT going to happen!” I replied emphatically.

“But you’ve seen me in one” Jane gave me a fake pout.

“Still….” I said “Not going to happen!”

“We’ll see about that” Jane responded.

I wasn’t sure I liked that look in here eye.

Chapter 22: The Search

After school we headed out to my car.

“You still owe me a Goodnite for the one you desecrated, Pee-ter” Jane teased.

“Watch it” I warned “What’s that expression about the pot calling the kettle something? I’m the only one in the car wearing real underwear right now! Besides I’ll have you know I woke up dry the next morning, it was just a one time thing!” (That wasn’t a lie after all, I did WAKE UP dry!)

“Not fair!” Jane retorted “You know I don’t need these things! If it weren’t for my mom being such a ‘B’”

“I know, I know” I assured her “I’m just giving you a hard time”

“So you didn’t.. You know.. Wet again?” Jane asked timidly.

“Nope, must have just been that dream!” I answered, trying to sound confident.

“Oh, well that’s good…” Jane said, but I could have sworn there was a note of disappointment in her voice.

“We do have to get you some more Goodnites” I told Jane as I pulled out of the parking lot.

I told her about the drug store being out earlier that day.

“Another pack??” Jane said incredulously “If we get caught I will end up having to go through THREE packs! She’ll probably pack them in my suitcase for college!”

“What else can we do? Do you really want to face her without one” I explained “Look, she couldn’t possibly have marked that pack, she didn’t know about it remember?”

I went on “We’ll just go to another store, there’s got to be a half dozen around here that sell them, and buy another pack. You can take one out and tell your mom you found it under your bed. She’ll never know”

“Okay” Jane sounded skeptical “But if I get caught again you’re wearing the third pack!”

“Deal!” I said pulling into the parking lot of the local ‘big box’ store.

Knowing we didn’t have much time before Jane’s mom would get home we walked into the store and made our way immediately to the diaper aisle. I couldn’t believe my eyes! The shelf where the Goodnites should have been was completely empty! Had every girl in town suddenly lost control of their bladder? Jane looked panicked.

“Don’t worry!” I told Jane “We have four more stores to try between here and your house”

Stores two and three didn’t prove any more helpful. Store four had bedwetter pants but only in a generic brand.

Deciding that a bedwetting epidemic must have overcome the area we headed for the last store a small ‘mom and pop’ place.

“We might as well just give up” Jane sounded defeated “Mom is going to be home in 15 minutes, I might as well head home. If I’m late AND don’t have my Goodnite she’ll probably just murder me right there!”

“Let’s just make a quick check” I reasoned “We’re only 3 minutes from your house and you never know what you’ll find in these places!”

Boy was I ever right. The shelves of the store were the strangest assortment of items you had ever seen. There were spaghetti strainers next to the motor oil and 35mm film (do people still use that?) in between the canned soup and the cat litter.

“We’ll never find them in here! Even if they do have them! Jane exclaimed.

“Let’s just ask!” I pleaded.

“Ask??” Jane exclaimed “I am NOT going to ask for those ‘things’!”

“Fine then I’ll do it” I said walking to the front of the store.

There was an elderly gentlemen standing behind the counter. Jane hung back looking embarrassed.

“Excuse me sir” I said quietly “Do you have any Goodnites?”

“What’s that” the old man looked confused.

Keeping my voice low for Jane’s sake I explained “You know they’re for bedwetting, a kind of protection?”

“Oh you mean diapers?” the old man exclaimed way to loud “For big kids? Well I guess you ain’t a kid are you?”

He thought they were for me! Jane looked as if she were about to cry so I didn’t bother to correct him.

“Yeah, I think we got some of them in the back of the store, want me to show you?” he offered.

“No thanks, we’ll find them” I answered. I didn’t think Jane would appreciate the extra company.

We made our way to the back of the store. Searching the dusty shelves we finally came upon what we were looking for. Sitting on the bottom shelf was one last pack of girl’s L-XL Goodnites!

With no time to spare I grabbed the pack and headed back to the front of the store.

“Son, I think you made a mistake” the old man observed “These are for girls!”

I thought Jane was going to pass out then and there.

I quickly recovered “They’re not for me, there for my little sister”

“Well that makes sense” the old man reasoned “You’re way too old to pee’in on yourself ain’t ya?”

All I could do was give Jane a sympathetic look.

We dashed back to the car.

“Hurry Mom’s going to be home in FIVE minutes!” Jane cried.

I jumped in the car and pulled out onto the road. I had no sooner pulled into the street when Jane let out a cry.

“Don’t worry, we’ll make it, we’re almost there” I said.

“That’s not it” Jane sobbed “My Goodnites have butterflies on them…. Look…”

She held up a pack of girls L-XL Goodnites….. With hearts.

“That’s it, I’m screwed” Jane said defeated “I’ll just have to face the music”

“I’m really sorry Jane” I said as we pulled up to Jane’s house “I feel like this is all my fault”

“No Peter, it’s not” Jane turned to me “Look all you’ve done is try to help me, I really appreciate you driving me all over this afternoon. You really are a great friend, your so…. Sweet… and…”

And with that I Jane gave me a quick kiss on the cheek, jumped out of the car and dashed for her front door.

Chapter 24: Consequences

I sat in my car dumfounded, staring at Jane’s closed door.

“What was that all about?” I wondered to myself. What was Jane about to say?

But my bewilderment soon faded away as my thoughts turned to concern over what might happen to Jane when her mom got home.

When Jane couldn’t produce the missing pull-up what would her mom do? Spank her again? Prolong her punishment? Worse?

As I drove home my thoughts remained on Jane. I hated she was taking the fall for something that was my fault. If I hadn’t put that Goodnite on she wouldn’t be in this mess. Even if had just kept it dry we might have gotten away with it. But I had wet the Goodnite and it wasn’t even an accident, I had done it on purpose! I felt like such a heel!

Arriving home I went up to my room and tossed my book bag onto my bed. I sat down and tried to get started on my homework. I just couldn’t stop thinking about Jane! Her mom was bound to be home by now. What had happened? I kept looking at my phone hoping Jane would call and say everything was okay. But my phone didn’t ring. I thought about calling her but decided against it. If Jane was in trouble, if her Mom was angry a phone call might just make things worse.

I turned my attention to my Spanish homework. Ugh, Spanish! I had only signed up for it because my counselor said I needed it to get into college. I just couldn’t get a grasp on learning another language. I looked through my book bag for my Spanish to English dictionary. I then remembered that I had leant it to a classmate and failed to get it back.

“Great!” I thought, “This day just keeps getting better!”

Remembering that I had another one I got up and went over to my closet.

“I know it’s in here somewhere” I said to myself, digging through my things.

That’s when I spotted the pack of adult diapers I had purchased the day before.

I was suddenly overcome with guilt, my desire to wear them was gone. My desire to see Jane wearing them was gone. I felt horrible. I grabbed a trash bag from the hall closet and stuffed the entire pack of diapers into the bag. I walked down the stairs, out the door, and to the trashcan. I tossed the bag inside and shut the lid. I vowed then and there that this whole diaper thing was over. I would never wear or even think about them again!

I went back inside and checked my phone. Still no word from Jane. Not being able to stand it any longer I grabbed my phone and sent her a text.

‘ Are you okay?’ I typed.

A few minutes later my phone buzzed.

‘I’ll call you in fifteen minutes’ Jane’s response came back.

I sat beside my phone and waited. Time seemed to move at a crawl.

Finally, the phone rang and Jane’s number appeared on the caller ID.

“Hello?” I answered timidly.

“Hi Peter” Jane’s voice was barely a whisper but I could tell she had been crying.

“I can only talk a minute” Jane continued, “Mom is in the basement doing laundry. If she finds me on the phone I’ll be in even more trouble.”

“So what happened, are you okay?” I asked.

“Yeah, I’m okay, but Peter it was horrible” Jane sounded like she was starting to cry again.

“Mom came home and the first thing she did was ask for the Goodnite” Jane’s voice broke “I told her I didn’t have it. I didn’t know what else to say so I told her that I had had another accident and that I was embarrassed and had thrown it away.”

“I’m sorry Jane, this is all my fault, I wish I could take the blame” I apologized.

“Peter no! This is my fault, if I hadn’t tried to trick her in the first place none of this would have happened. And I couldn’t possibly bring you up. That would make things so much worse! I would probably never be allowed to see you again!” Jane exclaimed.

“So it was bad?” I asked timidly.

“Bad doesn’t even begin to describe it!” Jane’s voice quivered “She absolutely lost it! She started ranting and raving saying how she couldn’t trust me anymore. I got another spanking of course. But you’ll never believe what happened next. She made me stand in the corner in just my Goodnite! After an hour I told her I had to use the bathroom. She said that if I couldn’t hold it I could just go in my diaper. She stood there and watched me wet myself! I’ve never been so humiliated!”

“I’m so sorry Jane”, it was all I could manage to say.

“That’s not the worst part” she continued “she said I have to wear diapers for a week.”

“That’s not so bad is it? Just another week?” I asked confused.

“Peter, you don’t understand” Jane cried “Diapers! Real diapers! Like the one I was wearing the other day! And I can’t take them off!

There’s no way I can go a whole week without… you know. And I can’t have you help me again, not for an entire week, she’d know something was up for sure!”

“I am so sorry Jane” I said again.

“Peter! I told you I don’t blame you!” Jane repeated “Look there’s something else I want to tell you. You’ve been so great with all this. And you’re such a good friend. I’ve been thinking that maybe we should.. I mean I wanted to tell you that I… Oh crap! Mom’s coming. I gotta go!” Jane hung up the phone.

For the second time that day I was left wondering what Jane wanted to say.

Still despite her insistence that she didn’t blame me I couldn’t help blame myself!

If only I could take her place, or at least share in her punishment.

Then the thought struck me… maybe I could… in a way.

I snuck outside and retrieved the bag from the trashcan.

Chapter 25: Peter's Plan

I woke up to the jarring sound of my alarm clock. I fumbled for the off switch and buried my head back in my pillow. As the drowsiness wore off the events of the past few days flooded back into my head. I sat bolt upright in bed and pulled back the covers.

My bed was completely…... dry. I guess my accident really was a fluke!

Then remembered Jane, her predicament, and my plan to ‘help’ her.

I took a quick shower, wrapped a towel around my waist and headed back to my room.

Opening my closet I retrieved the black trash bag I had rescued the night before.

I opened it up and pulled out the pack of adult diapers.

Not even a day ago I had been ready to throw these out, and now…

I took one diaper from the pack and turned it over in my hand.

A bit apprehensive I started to put the diaper back in the pack, then changed my mind.

Dropping the towel to the floor I spread the diaper out on my bed. Lying atop it I fastened it securely and stood up. The diaper held in place.

I rummaged through my closet and chose a baggy pair of jeans and an oversized t-shirt.

After getting dressed I checked myself in the mirror. Satisfied that my ‘secret’ was well hidden I went down for breakfast.

“Good morning Peter!” Mom said “Sleep well?”

“Yeah, um hum” I mumbled a bit nervous. As I sat down I swore the diaper rustled so loud anyone in the kitchen could have heard it.

Apparently no one did. Mom went about cooking breakfast, Dad kept reading his paper and my sister stared blankly at her iPod.

“Samantha put that thing away!” Mom chided my sister.

Rolling her eyes Sam dropped the iPod into her pocket.

Samantha or “Sam” as she liked to be called was the definition of a fourteen year old girl. Sassy, sarcastic and not nearly as grown as she thought she was. It was a good thing she had no idea what I was wearing. If she found out.. well let’s just say my social life would be over!

I gobbled down breakfast, grabbed my backpack and headed for the door.

“Peter wait a minute” Mom shouted “What’s that?”

My heart stopped.

“What?” I played dumb

“Something’s sticking out of our pants” She pointed.

Thinking my life was about to come to a crashing halt I looked down.

It was a stray sock. Sticking out the LEG of my pants.

“Oh, thanks!” I said relieved, pulling it from my pants and tossing it to her.

“Well at least it wasn’t underwear! Imagine if you had gotten all the way to school! Now that would be embarrassing!” Mom teased.

“Yeah, embarrassing!” (If she only knew!)

Driving to school my nervousness grew. Would someone notice? What if they did? Might someone hear it in a quiet room? See it when I bent down at my locker? I could just take it off now…

Then I reminded myself that Jane had already worn a diaper for an entire day and had been wearing Goodnites for the rest of the week.

No one had noticed, not that I knew of at least.

Besides, despite my nervousness, despite the fact that I told myself I was doing this to help Jane out, I also found myself a bit excited. I couldn’t believe I had sworn this off the day before!

I pulled into the parking lot fully resolved to go through with my plan. Entering the school it didn’t take me long to find Jane, she was standing beside my locker waiting for me. She looked far from cheerful.

“Hi!” I said with a smile.

Jane made only half an attempt to return my smile.

I decided to tell her my secret right away.

“Come here, I want to show you something” I said pulling her into the same empty classroom we were in when she showed me HER diaper.

“What Peter? I’m not exactly in the mood for surprises” Jane sounded slightly annoyed.

“Oh, I thought you weren’t mad” I said, worried.

“No, I’m sorry, I’m not” Jane sighed “I'm just fed up with this ‘punishment’ already. I’ve had to use these things twice already, just wet thank goodness, but honestly to have to ask my mom to change me at my age? It’s too much! And I have be the only person at this school wearing, well you know..”

“No, not the only one!” I answered back.

“What do you mean? Those kids in that ‘special’ class? That doesn’t make me feel better Peter!” Jane said sarcastically.

“No look!” I replied lifting my shirt and pulling down my waist band just enough to expose what I was wearing.

Jane stared for a moment dumbfounded.

“Peter is that a…” Jane sounded confused “But why?”

“Well” I explained, “I told you I felt bad that I was responsible for your…”

Jane interrupted “Peter I TOLD you it’s not your..”

“Okay, PARTIALY responsible for your punishment.” I conceded “Anyway, I didn’t want you to go through this alone. As long as you have to wear them, I will too!”

Jane stares at me for a minute. Did she think this was too weird?

“Peter” Jane started “That’s just so… sweet!”

And then suddenly, without warning, Jane kissed me

Chapter 26: More than 'Just Friends'

I was shocked beyond comment, beyond action.

Jane pulled back and looked panicked.

“Oh Peter, I’m so sorry, I hope I didn’t mess things up for us… it’s just you’re such a good friend… and you’ve been so sweet lately… and you’ve…”

“Jane, stop!” I interrupted her, “I feel the same way about you.”

I pulled her back to me and kissed her again.

After we kissed Jane leaned against me and I held her. For a few moments we just stood there, in the empty classroom saying nothing.

Jane broke the silence, “You know we’ve tried this before, taking this friendship further.”

“I know” I responded “But somehow I think it will be different this time. There’s never really been anyone else I felt this way about, not the way I feel about you.”

“Me too” Jane said, her head still on my chest. “I mean I’ve never felt like this about anyone, except you that is. And I do think it will work this time”

We kissed again and then Jane smiled.

“You know” she said slyly “most guys try to get a girls attention by putting on a nice shirt or something, not a diaper!”

“You know me” I teased “I go to be different!”

Jane laughed, then her eye lit up as she gave me a mischievous grim.

“I don’t like that look…” I said warily.

“I want to see it!” she exclaimed.

“What?” I said acting shocked (like I knew this wasn’t coming) “No! I mean, I can’t!”

“Oh please Peter!” Jane pleaded “You’ve seen mine!”

Just then the warning bell rang.

“Ah, shucks!” I said sarcastically “We got to get to class!”

“Saved by the bell! Literally!” Jane shot back “Don’t worry, I’ll get what I want..”

As we walked together to our first class Jane reached out and took my hand.

Chapter 27: Diapers for Two

We entered our first class together and took our seats.

I recalled the day earlier in the week when I had caught a glimpse of Jane’s diaper.

She seemed much more adept at wearing them now. I noted how she carefully pulled down the bottom of her shirt as she took he seat. I followed her example. Now I wasn’t as worried about someone noticing Jane’s diaper as I was about someone noticing mine!

Other than me having a hard time concentrating on the lesson (again) our first class was rather uneventful. When the bell rang we walked out hand in hand.

No one seemed to notice, but then again Jane and I were used to being pretty much invisible to everyone else.

I stopped by the water fountain for a drink before Jane and I headed to our next class.

The rest of the day leading up to lunch proceeded fairly normally, well as normally as it could for two high school seniors wearing diapers.

When lunch came Jane and I grabbed our trays and headed to our usual table. I stopped by the vending machines and bought a sports drink.

“If you drink all that you’re going to need that thing you’re wearing!” Jane teased.

I hadn’t thought much about that. I was completely ready to wear these things to ‘support Jane’ but was I going to use them? Jane didn’t have a choice, I did.

Jane seemed to read my mind “Look Peter, it’s really sweet what you did. But don’t worry you can take it off when you have to… you know… go”

Suddenly I seemed to make up my mind.

“No” I said firmly “In for a penny, in for a pound! If you can’t take yours off then I won’t take mine off either!”

It was then I noticed Jane’s tray complete with sandwich, fries, a side salad, and apple juice. “You don’t seem to be too worried” I commented “Last time you were in this situation I practically had to force the food down your throat.”

“Well,” Jane replied “It’s like you said before… I certainly can’t go a WHOLE week without eating or drinking. Besides, Mom gave me a bit of a reprieve.”

“What kind of reprieve?” I asked.

“Well I still have to wear, and use, these horrible things.” Jane explained “But Mom didn’t want me to get an infection or something. So I am allowed change myself, once, before she gets home. I just have to save her the ‘evidence’”

“What do you mean” I said kind of dumbly.

“You know!” Jane said pointing towards her waist “The evidence!”

“Oh!” I exclaimed “You mean your… oh I see… So you have an extra diaper with you?”

“Shh.. yes!” Jane glanced around nervously “It’s in my bag! Actually I think I might need it soon, I’m a little wet already.”

“Wait a minute,” Jane asked “did you bring an extra one with you?”

“No, I didn’t think about it.” I answered, thinking to myself that would have been a really good idea.

“But what if you… need it…” Jane looked concerned.

“Don’t worry, I’ll be fine I never go during the day any way” I assured her.

But as I stood up a twinge in my bladder indicated otherwise.

I gave Jane a quick kiss and headed off for my next class. Jane took her bag and ducked into the nearest restroom.

Chapter 28: Made it... almost

I managed to make it through the rest of the day keeping my diaper dry. But with each passing period my concentration dwindled as the pressure in my bladder grew. I met up with Jane after classes and we headed for the parking lot. As I sat down and started the car I felt a small spurt escape my hold. I gasped and looked down. For a moment, forgetting what I was wearing, I expected to see a wet spot on the front of my pants.

My glance didn’t go unnoticed to Jane.

“Did you just do what I think you did” she said almost grinning.

“A little” I admitted, slightly embarrassed.

“Come on Pee-ter” Jane teased “Just let it go, you’ll feel so much better. You know you can think about rivers and waterfalls and swimming pools…”

“Hey that’s not fair!” I protested “I never did that to you! Besides, how come you don’t have to go?”

“Cause I’ve already gone! I’m on my second one, I changed after lunch!” Jane explained “That didn’t exactly go as planned by the way.

But I’ll tell you about that later, let’s talk about you now. Think about the sound of fountains and… wait I know!”

With that Jane suddenly leaned over and started kissing me on the neck.

Her breath tickled my face. That did it. My bladder released and my diaper was flooded. I sighed in relief. Jane smiled knowingly and sat back in her seat.

As we drove home Jane explained to me how her diaper change at school had not exactly gone as planned. It seems when she entered the bathroom she was alone. She went into a stall and started to undo her diaper. Then she realized her diaper was only a little wet. Since she only got one change before her mom got home she figured she might as well get the most out of it. So she redid the tape and sat down on the toilet and peed into the diaper. That way, she reasoned, she would be able to keep her new diaper dry that much longer. She was just about to remove her sodden diaper when the door to the bathroom opened.

A group of girls entered the bathroom. Jane froze! She recognized the voices as a group of ‘popular girls’. They were chatting about some party they were planning on attending that weekend. Jane went on to say that she just sat there, afraid to move, afraid that if she started undoing the tapes the girls would hear! She said that it seemed to take forever for them to leave! Finally they did and Jane hastily changed her diaper and rushed to class. She made it in just before the bell.

“It was just too close” Jane explained “I’m just going to have to be more careful from now on. I’ll just try to wait till I get home to change”

“You won’t have to worry about that for a couple days” I reminded her “tomorrow’s Saturday!”

“Now that does make me feel better!” Jane said smiling as we pulled up in front of her house.

“Want to come in?” She asked.

“I need to get home and change” I reminded her.

“Oh come on, please? Just for a bit?” Jane said poking her lip out.

“Oh all right, just for a bit” I conceded

I shut off the car and we headed into the house.

Chapter 27: What Happen's at Jane's House....

As I followed Jane into her house I became increasingly aware if the weight of the diaper sagging below my waist.

“I can’t stay long, I really need to get out of this thing” I told her.

“Don’t worry,” Jane responded, “I just need long enough to do this!”

Without warning Jane pushed me back against the wall of the entry hall and started kissing me passionately.

What followed was a make out session for the history books. Somehow we managed to make our way from the entry hall to the living room couch. Jane laid on top of me her weight pressing my wet diaper against my crotch.

When we came up for air twenty minutes later Jane gave me a mischievous grin “Want to play a game?”

“A game? What did you have in mind” I asked. My mind wasn’t so much on my wet diaper any more as it was… other things.

“I thought we could play truth or dare!” Jane responded, still grinning.

“Truth or dare?” I teased, “That’s not very original!”

“Take it or leave it!” Jane answered

I decided I’d take it. “Truth!” I answered.

“Pe-ter!” Jane protested “That’s no fun!”

“Fine then, dare!” I conceded.

“Take off your pants.” Jane stated matter of factly.

“What?!?” I said taken aback, “But I’m wearin’ a… And it’s… wet”

Jane gave me a no nonsense look.

“Peter” she reminded me “What did you see me in earlier this week? Several times?!? C’mon turnabout is fair play!”

“Fine!” I said reluctantly.

I wasn’t sure why I was so hesitant for Jane to see me in my current condition when I had been practically (okay completely) naked in this same spot not that many days ago.

Slowly I stood up, unbuttoned my pants, and tugged them down to the floor.

Jane stared agape at my diaper

“You are really soaked!” she said in amazement “I didn’t even know one of those things could hold that much!”

It was my turn to blush.

“I know” I said sheepishly “And it’s really uncomfortable too! I wish I could get out of thing!”

“Look” Jane replied “I appreciate what you’re doing but just go on and take it off. I won’t hold it against you.”

“No” I stated, “I told you as long as you had to wear one I would too! You can’t take yours off, so neither will I. Besides I don’t have any

‘big boy’ underwear with me!”

“What’s the problem?” Jane teased, “Never heard of going commando?”

“You wish!” I shot back “You just want to see me naked!”

“Whatever Peter, just take your turn!” Jane said feigning impatience.

“Truth or dare?” I asked.

“Dare!” Jane said, “Do your worst!”

I didn’t even hesitate with my response

“Take of your pants…” I replied.

“I figured that was coming” Jane said as she started unsnapping her jeans.

“…and your shirt” I finished.

It was Jane’s turn to protest.

“Peter! That’s not fair!” she whined, “I only asked you to take one thing off!”

“Not my fault you didn’t think of it!” I teased “C’mon you know the rules!”

The truth was, despite her protests I knew Jane was enjoying this as much as I was.

Jane stopped undoing her pants leaving them partially unzipped and moved her hands towards her shirt.

“You’re going to pay for this you know!” she retorted as she slipped her shirt over her head.

“I know, I know!” I replied, gazing at Jane’s cute little breasts covered by nothing but her small 32 AA bra.

Jane finished unzipping her jeans somewhat slowly then suddenly let them drop to the floor.

I stared, speechless as Jane stood in front of me in nothing but her bra and a diaper. She sure is cute, I thought to myself, I was so glad we were no longer ‘just friends’.

Looking at Jane I noticed the wetness indicator on Jane’s diaper had started to change.

“You’re wet” I observed, “When did that happen?”

“Earlier, on the couch” Jane responded with a grin. “But I’m not too wet yet, I’ll be okay.”

Did she mean when we were making out? I wondered. Did she pee when she was laying on top of me? Oh man!

“It’s my turn” Jane reminded me “Truth or dare?”

“Look” I said, “We know that neither of us is going to pick truth right? I mean we might as well just call this game ‘dare’!”

“Okay then, here’s your dare!” Jane replied, “You want out of that thing right? Well then change!”

“Into what?” I said confused “I didn’t bring a dry one, remember?”

“But you did…” Jane said mischievously “You still have that last pack of Goodnites we bought the other day in your back seat!”

“You want me to wear a… but there for girls!... No Way!” I complained.

“You know the rules!” Jane said with a smirk. I guess I asked for that one.

“Fine!” I relented “Can I at least put my pants back on to go get them?”

“Well since I would prefer my neighbors not to see a boy coming out of my house wearing just a diaper I would say that’s okay!” Jane said sarcastically.

I slipped my pants back over my wet diaper and headed out to the car. I couldn’t believe what I was about to do. I must admit however, I was a bit excited.

Grabbing the unopened pack of ‘wrong’ Goodnites I headed back in to the house and made my way toward the bathroom.

“Nope!” Jane stopped me “Change right here!”

“Just remember, your turns next” I reminded her.

“Uh huh! Now go on and change!” Jane seemed a bit excited herself.

I took my pants back off and started undoing the tapes of the soaked diaper. I took it off, leaving myself completely exposed from the waist down. Jane smiled, obviously checking me out.

“You could just stay that way!” she offered.

“That’s okay! A deals, a deal!” I answered opening the package and removing a Goodnite.

I slipped it on. Just like the other one it was snug but it did cover everything up.

It was my turn to give Jane a dare. I decided to keep it simple.

“Bra off” I said.

Jane didn’t even fight me. She undid her bra and dropped it on the floor.

There was now a beautiful girl sitting in front of me in nothing but a partially wet diaper! How much luckier could I get!

Jane seemed to think a moment before she started on the next dare.

“You know Peter…” she began slowly “…you did say you wanted to share my punishment… right?”

“Isn’t that what I am doing?” I replied indicating the Goodnite I was wearing and the wet diaper laying balled up on the floor.

“But the diapers weren’t my only punishment.” Jane said “There was, the other thing…”

I thought for a minute.

“You mean the spanking?” I said somewhat shocked “Wait, you want to spank me?”

“Okay, well that’s your dare!” Jane sounded more resolute “Get that Goodnite off and come lay over my lap”

This was definitely something new! Still I wasn’t about to be the one to back out of a dare. I walked over to Jane, pulled down the pink pull up, and stretched my body across her lap. How hard could a girl as small as Jane spank anyway?

*smack* *smack* *smack*

Jane’s hand slapped against my backside.

It stung a bit, but not too bad.

“It’s that the best you can do?” I mocked “You hit like a girl!”

I just had to open my stupid mouth!

“Uh, maybe that’s cause I am a girl” Jane replied “I would certainly think YOU would have figured that out!”

Still she started to spank harder. A lot harder.

It took all my concentration not to yell out and betray myself. I was determined to be the “man” and act like it still didn’t hurt.

Finally Jane stopped spanking me and let me get up. I grabbed the Goodnite and slipped it back on.

“My turn, huh?” I said smiling. “I think you need a lesson in how to give a proper spanking!”

“But I’ve already been spanked!” Jane pleaded.

“Not by me!” I replied “Besides, if your mom spanks like you that would hardly even count!”

I knew that wasn’t true of course. I recalled the marks on Jane’s bottom when I helped her with her diaper. I wondered if my butt looked the same.

“Fine, just don’t be too hard” Jane requested “I’m just now recovered from the spanking mom gave me. Besides I will have some explaining to do if I can’t sit down for dinner!”

“I’ll be careful” I assured her “ Now get that diaper off and get over here!”

Jane carefully undid the tapes of the diaper and folded so they could be redone. She stood in front of me completely nude, blushing but not attempting to cover up anything.

I pulled her down across my lap and started peppering her backside with some quick slaps.

“WHO hits like a girl?” Jane teased.

I picked up my speed and intensity, paddling Jane’s cute white bottom into a cherry pink. Jane squealed and gasped with each blow.

Suddenly Jane gasped loudly and blurted out “Peter, put my diaper back on!”

“Okay” I said reaching for the diaper “Did I spank you too hard? I didn’t hurt you did I?”

“No it’s not that” Jane said with a sense of urgency.

It was then I noticed Jane had her legs tightly pressed together with her hand pressed between them.

“I gotta… you know…” Jane explained.

“Oh I see! Just don’t do it on me!” I joked.

“Not funny Peter! Hurry please!” Jane pleaded.

“Okay, okay!” I said slipping the diaper under Jane’s bottom and redoing the tapes.

Jane leapt up and looked around the room frantically as if she was looking for an escape.

She started to make her way toward the hallway (and presumably the bathroom) but got only halfway across the living room before she froze in her tracks.

Jane turned and looked at me crimsoned face. I heard a loud hissing and looked down to see the wetness indicator on her diaper finish changing colors. Jane was (once again) completely soaking her diaper, right in front of me!

“I’m sorry Peter!” Jane looked like she was going to cry “I didn’t want to do that in front of you. It’s so embarrassing!”

“It’s okay!” I assured her, “It’s not like it’s the first time!”

“I know” Jane said “It’s still humiliating!”

I had an idea. Without a word I stood up in front of Jane and started to release my bladder into the Goodnite.

Jane gasped “Peter are you…”

“Yep!” was all I said as I continued to soak the Goodnite.

Remembering that I had leaked the last time I peed in one of these things I attempted to stem the flow. I didn’t seem to have much luck. Fortunately this time the Goodnite seemed to hold, though it was definitely at its saturation point.

Jane stood there in her wet diaper looking at me in mine.

“Peter that was weird!” Jane said matter of factly “But it was a sweet thing for you to do!”

With that she walked over wrapped her arms around me and kissed me. The feeling of her standing there with nothing but a wet diaper and me in a wet Goodnite, bodies pressed together was more than I could stand. We were headed quickly for another make out session, maybe something more. I returned Jane’s passionate kisses and reached up to touch her bare breasts.

Suddenly, Jane pulled away.

“Peter, you’ve got to go! Now!” She exclaimed.

“I’m sorry, are we moving too fast?” I asked, concerned.

“No it’s not that.. You just need to leave… quickly!” she said in desperation.

“Then what is it? Your mom won’t be home for another hour!” I was worried I had done something wrong.

“It’s just.. I gotta… go…” Jane said quietly.

“What do you mean, you just went… a lot” I said indicating her sodden diaper.

“No, I gotta do… you know… the other thing! And I am NOT doing that in front of you!” Jane said emphatically.

“Oh I see…” I said, realizing her situation “You could just take off the diaper again you know…”

“Well I can’t do that all week!” Jane reminded me “Mom would definitely know something was up. As much as I’m dreading it I might as well get it over with.”

Jane started to squirm where she was standing. She reached her hand around and held the backside of her diaper.

“Hurry Peter! I love you, but you need to leave… now!” Jane pleaded. I pulled on my pants, grabbed my things and headed toward the door. I gave Jane a quick kiss and stepped out on the porch. As Jane shut the door I saw her face turn a dark shade of red.

I got in my car and headed back toward home. My mind was so wound up in the events of the past few hours I nearly ran a stop sign.

Arriving safely back to the house I headed up to my room to change. Undoing my pants I saw that I was still wearing the pink girl’s Goodnite. I had completely forgot I had that on.

That’s when it hit me. I had left my wet diaper in the middle of Jane’s living room floor….
