My Mom is Such a 'B--'! - Revised and Complete - Page 2

Author: Peter Pants

*026*2017-02-26 04:30

Next to last installment. Thanks for reading!

Chapter 41: A Night To Remember

Weeks passed and Jane’s potty training seemed to be taking hold. She moved from wearing diapers to school back to Goodnites and even tried regular underwear. After several minor ‘leaks’ and one particularly embarrassing accident Jane took to wearing a heavy pad resigning herself to the fact that she may never be completely dry again and that the pads were better to the alternative.

Sam had a couple more ‘accidents’ of her own that extended her time in Goodnites to a total of about a month. She was soon out of them though and mom was convinced that the ‘issue’ had passed.

As for myself I had indeed stopped wearing during the day. Once or twice I forgot and had to make a mad dash for the bathroom. I continued to wear at night for a while but after waking dry for almost two weeks I decided I was not, after all, a bed wetter. My few remaining diapers lay mostly forgotten under my bed. Life had returned pretty much back to normal.

As our senior year drew to a close, I had very little time to think about diapers anyway. Everyone was busy studying for final exams and making plans for graduation. The talk of the lunchroom was all about who was going where for summer vacation and who was going with whom to the prom. I was taking Jane of course. I have to admit I was pretty excited. It was the one night that the rules didn’t apply. Even Jane’s mother had agreed to let her stay out late. We planned to stay up all night. I had reservations at a nice French restaurant, we’d follow that up with the dance and the after prom party the school was throwing at the local YMCA. Not a wild night to be certain, but I did hope it would be a memorable one at least.

The big day arrived and I pulled up to Jane’s house at a quarter to five. She was wearing a simple lace dress with a sleeveless top and a loose skirt that hung just past her knees. Her normally wild hair was pinned up neatly with some small white flowers. She looked absolutely stunning. I told her so as her mom snapped endless pictures of us in the front yard.

Leaning in I whispered in her ear “You look amazing! I can’t believe I get to take you to prom!”

Jane blushed a deep red.

“Thanks!” She whispered back “Wait till you see what I’m wearing underneath! I picked it out just for you!”

It was my turn to blush. I couldn’t believe she was talking like that, especially with her mom close by.

Her mom didn’t seem to notice. She was too busy snapping pictures and gushing over how her ‘little girl’ was all grown up. She was actually being very pleasant for a change.

Still I couldn’t help but wonder what lacey little number Jane had on under there. The way she talked it seemed as if I was going to find out.

After our photo session with Jane’s mom we headed over to my house where the process repeated. Only this time it was MY mom doing the gushing. We finally managed to get away and head off toward dinner.

As I drove my car to the edge of town I reached over and gently placed my hand on Jane’s knee. Slowly I worked my hand up her leg, past the hem of her dress. “Peter!” Jane shrieked, slapping my hand playfully.

“I was just trying to find out what the surprise was” I said innocently.

“You’ll find out soon enough! Now behave!” Jane teased.

Dinner was very nice. We talked about how strange it was to see her mom in such a good mood. We joked about who would wear the most risqué dress to the prom. We even talked about plans for summer vacation. One topic we avoided was college. Jane had been accepted to a state school in the eastern part of the state and I was going to a private college in the west. The two schools were about seven hours apart. It was a topic we both knew we must discuss, but that wasn’t the night. Jane did get real quiet at one point and seemed to be far off. I wondered if that was what she had on her mind, but she was soon back to her usual perky self.

After dinner we headed toward the prom. It was being held in the banquet hall of a ritzy hotel downtown. We were just halfway there when Jane turned to me.

“Hey Peter…” She sounded a bit nervous. “Can we umm.. stop somewhere?”

“Okay” I replied “Do you need the bathroom?”

“No” Jane said shyly “I mean somewhere where we can be.. you know… alone.”

I almost steered the car off the road.

After regaining control of my vehicle, I managed to pull onto the parkway and found a secluded overlook that was well known to the locals as a popular make out spot. I was pleased to find it abandoned, it was still pretty early in the evening.

Figuring I knew why we were here I leaned over and started kissing Jane. She returned the kisses passionately and we made out for several minutes. Finally Jane asked kind of shyly “Could we get in the back? You know it might be more comfortable.”

I nearly climbed over the shifter and right into the back. I managed to come to my senses enough to walk around and open the rider side door for Jane and help her into the backseat. She slid over and made room for me.

I got in and our make out session resumed. I started kissing Jane on the neck an earlobe. She reached down and fumbled with the buckle on my belt. Glad to help her out I undid my belt and the snap on my pants. She finished unzipping them and slid her hand inside my boxers.

As she slowly stroked me she whispered “You ready to see your surprise?”

She took my hand and guided it to the back of her dress. Taking the hint I undid the top few buttons and allowed the top of her dress to fall just below her breasts.

Jane was wearing a new lace bra that matched her dress. It was the strapless type and clasped in the front. I undid the clasp and her bra fell onto the seat below. Jane’s small pert breasts were now on display. I resumed kissing Jane about the neck and moved down her body paying special attention to each kiss. Wrapped up in the passion Jane had removed her hand from my boxers but at the moment I didn’t mind. As I moved down past Jane’s belly button she lifted her hips and allowed her dress to slip down to the floorboard.

I gasped. I had expected to see matching lace panties or even a thong. Instead Jane lay there in front of me wearing a plain, white diaper.

I was confused “What happened?” I asked, concerned “Are you being punished again?” And I thought her mom was being so nice, I couldn’t believe she would do this to Jane on prom night!

Jane smiled, “No silly! I’m wearing this for you. You do like seeing me in them don’t you?”

Dumbfounded (I had never admitted my attraction out loud) I stuttered “What? No! Umm.. I mean… Ummm.. How did you know?”

“It was kind of obvious wasn’t it?” Jane said somewhat sarcastically “I mean you were pretty eager whenever it came time to change me. And don’t you think I noticed how ‘excited’ you became”

As if to prove her point, when Jane said ‘excited’ she slipped her hand inside my boxers and started fondling me again. That’s all it took. I exploded inside my boxers.

Seeming pleased that she proved her point Jane smiled and pulled out her hand.

“Speaking of, I’m wet” Jane pointed out “Will you change me? I have supplies in my bag.” She gave me a coy smile.

I hadn’t thought much of the gym bag Jane had brought with her, I figured it contained shoes and a change of clothes for the party afterwards. I now realized I was wrong. Well partially at least, there was a change of clothes in the bag. But there was also lotion, wipes, powder and diapers. In TWO sizes.”

Jane seemed to read my thoughts.

“I was hoping to not be the only one wearing diapers to my senior prom” Jane said slyly.

“Don’t worry!” I teased “I’m sure Brittney G has hers on!”

“Watch it!” Jane warned “I’ve got my regular underwear in that bag too! I can always wear that!”

“Now we can’t have that can we?” I said playfully “You’ve been a naughty little girl peeing in your diaper! We can’t have you ruining your pretty dress now can we?”

Jane played along, “I have been naughty” She pouted “Are you going to punish me?”

Without another word I undid the tapes on Jane’s diaper and pulled her over my lap. Now completely naked I pulled Jane across my lap and swatted her bare bottom a handful of times. Jane squealed and kicked her legs but didn’t tell me to stop.

I didn’t want Jane to be uncomfortable the rest of the evening so I didn’t spank her too hard. After several playful swats I laid her back down on the seat and pulled out a dry diaper. Jane lifted her butt so I could slide the diaper underneath. I took a wipe and gently cleaned her and reached for the powder.

Jane stopped me, “Can you use the lotion? After all you did just spank me?” She said with a naughty look.

I took the bottle of lotion and squirted some onto my hand. Jane’s bottom was barely slightly pink from her spanking but I gently rubbed the lotion on anyways. After her bottom I moved between her legs allowing my fingers to play with her most sensitive parts until she let out a moan of pleasure. After one last, deep, passionate kiss I sat back and taped Jane’s new diaper snugly around her hips.

“Your turn” she said with a mischievous grin. Jane gave me a light shove and we switched positions. I was now lying flat on the seat with Jane above me. With on quick motion she yanked my pants down past my knees.

“Looks like someone else had had a little accident” Jane said noting the wet patch on the front of my boxers.

“It’s not pee!” I protested, but Jane wasn’t listening.

“So you say!” Jane scolded playfully “But it looks like I’m not the only naughty one!”

“Does that mean…” I started

“Yep! Over my knee!” Jane commanded patting her lap.

I laid down across Jane’s lap as she quickly pulled down my soiled boxers. She quickly went to work peppering my bottom with quick hard slaps.

“Hey!” I shouted “I didn’t spank you that hard!”

“But you’ve been a very naughty boy!” Jane explained.

I could feel my excitement ‘growing’ against Jane’s lap, Jane felt it too, “VERY naughty!” She exclaimed.

Finally Jane stopped her assault on my rear end and rolled me over.

Jane took one of the larger diapers from the bag and slid it underneath me.

“How about some of that lotion?” I requested.

Jane obliged, the cool lotion felt good on my stinging bottom, I’m sure if I could of seen it, it would have been cherry red.

Jane then took the lotion and started rubbing it on my ‘most sensitive’ area. The feeling was amazing. After just a few strokes I exploded again all over Jane's hand and my stomach.

Jane didn’t say a word she just kissed me then used my boxers to clean her hand and my stomach off before taping on the diaper.

Suddenly she got a naughty look.

“These are ruined!” She declared “We might as well get rid of them!”

Without warning Jane opened the car door and tossed my boxers out of the car.

“Hey!” I exclaimed “That was one of my best pairs!”

“Tell you what, you be a big boy and keep your dipee dry and I might buy you some new ones okay?” Jane teased.

Like that was going to happen.

Freshly diapered we both redressed and climbed back into the front seat. I sped off toward the dance wondering what other surprises awaited me that night!

Chapter 42: Save the Last Dance

By the time we arrived at the dance a large crowd was already there. I would like to say that everyone stopped dancing and watched as we made a stunning entrance or that we at least turned a few heads. However our tardy arrival at the dance went like the rest of our high school career, unnoticed and invisible. Not that I minded, I was used to wearing boxers over my diapers and I felt a bit exposed with just the thin cloth of my tuxedo pants covering up my secret.

As awkward as I felt I was also immensely turned on. I was at my senior prom with a beautiful girl who was WEARING A DIAPER! We spent the entire evening slow dancing together so close you couldn’t fit a sheet of tissue paper between us. My hands remained on Jane’s padded bottom the whole time. This too went unnoticed as the majority of the couples there were dancing the exact same way.

During the middle of one particular slow dance Jane suddenly stopped dancing, looked at me and smiled. I didn’t have to ask why, I could actually feel her diaper filling with pee! I swore I could hear it too, the telltale sound of her stream of urine hitting the material of her diaper seemed loud in the quiet room. I glanced around but the rest of the room seemed oblivious.

“Your turn” Jane whispered in my ear. The trouble was in my ‘excited state’ I found it hard to go. It took me several minutes to get a stream started and when I did I only managed to squeeze out a bit.

I didn’t think I was as obvious as Jane, but she still seemed to know what I had done. “Come with me!” she instructed. She took my hand and led me into the hallway.

We found one of those ‘family’ bathrooms with a locking door. After a quick glance around to make sure no teachers were watching we ducked inside. It was then I realized Jane’s gum bag was in the car. “We don’t have any supplies!” I pointed out.

She reached into her purse and pulled out two diapers and a small baggie of wipes. She really was prepared!

Jane glanced around the room and frowned.

“I really don’t want to lay down on this nasty floor!” She complained “I wish we had a towel or something.”

I noticed the plastic changing table on the wall. “You’re pretty light” I offered “It could probably hold you!”

“No way!” Jane protested “That’s too embarrassing!”

“It’s either that or the floor!” I said matter-of-factly unfolding the table.

“Well I can’t get up there in this!” Jane said indicating her dress “Here help me take it off”

She turned around so I could undo her buttons then slipped the dress off hanging it on the hook on the back of the door.

Jane turned to face me. She looked quite cute standing there in just her diaper, lace bra and fancy shoes.

I helped Jane climb up onto the changing table.

“Funny” I observed “If any of the teachers had caught us sneaking in here I doubt this is what they would have thought we were doing!”

I undid Jane’s diaper and tossed it into the trash. I then took a wipe and gently cleaned her private areas before taping a dry diaper on.

After I helped her down from the table Jane turned to me and asked “What about you?”

“I’d probably break the table” I pointed out “And I’m not laying down on this floor either!”

It was decided that I would change myself. Jane wanted to see how I did it as she always had trouble changing in public. I took off my wet diaper and tossed into the trash with Jane’s (the custodian was getting a surprise!). I then showed Jane how I pinned the back of the diaper between myself and the wall. I was about to pull the diaper up between my legs when Jane stopped me.

“While you’re in that position….” She said getting down on her knees in front of me.

I went back to the dance a very happy man.

Chapter 43: A Very Late Night

After the dance Jane and I headed to the after party. The YMCA wasn’t far, it took less than 15 minutes for us to arrive.

As we pulled into the parking lot Jane spoke up “Umm Peter, could you help me with something before we go in?”

“Sure what?” I responded thinking that I already knew.

Jane confirmed my suspicion “I’m wet, will you change me?”

“Again?” I teased

“It was an accident” Jane said sheepishly “A real accident, I guess I had too much punch”

That confirmed two things, Jane was still prone to accidents and her other two wet diapers earlier that evening weren’t accidents. She had peed them on purpose!

“It doesn’t matter, let’s get you changed” I reassured her.

I pulled the car over to a dark corner of the parking lot. Jane climbed into the backseat and I hopped in after her.

“Let’s make this quick Peter” Jane requested “There are a few too many people around for comfort”

“I’ll be quick” I assured her. I didn’t want to get caught in a compromising position either.

Jane slid her dress up and I undid the tapes on her diaper. I slid it out from underneath her and rolled it into a ball before reaching for the gym bag.

“Umm Jane? Where’s your bag?” I asked searching around.

“I thought you moved it” Jane replied “Is it in the trunk?

I was certain I had left the bag in the backseat but I hopped out and checked the trunk anyway.

“Nope it’s not in the trunk” I reported “What could have happened to it? Did it fall out at the overlook?”

“No, I clearly remember it being there when we got to the dance” Jane sounded worried.

I offered the only explanation I could think of “I guess someone swiped it from the car while we were at the dance. I bet they got a surprise when they opened the bag, all those diapers in there!”

“But Peter” Jane started to panic “My clothes were in that bag! What am I going to do?”

“I didn’t think about that” I admitted “I guess we could just head home.”

“You know what?” Jane said suddenly “I had planned to stay out all night and that’s what I’m going to do! I’ll just have to wear my dress.”

“Okay then” I said glad she didn’t want to leave “I was planning on just wearing my tux anyway. So if you’re good with the dress, I guess we can go. You got another diaper in your purse?”

“No!” Jane grimaced “I only had the one. And my panties were in the bag! What am I going to wear under my dress?”

“I’d offer you my boxers but someone threw them out the window” I pointed out “Like I said, we can head home.”

“No!” Jane remained resolute “I said we were staying and we are! I’ll just have to make sure and keep my dress down!”

“You mean you’re going to wear NOTHING under your dress?” I was shocked. Jane really must have wanted to stay out.

“No one will know, well no one except you. You’re okay with this aren’t you?” Jane asked, as if she needed to.

“Okay?!?” I said incredulously “I think it’s hot!”

“Well come on then” Jane smiled and pulled her dress down as she stepped out of the car.

I climbed out and we walked into the party hand in hand.

I have to admit that I spent the rest of the evening trying to look up Janes dress. A couple of times I succeeded and was rewarded with an amazing view. As far as I knew no one else was the wiser. Only I knew what Jane had on or rather didn’t have on under the dress.

There was a wide variety of activities to keep us entertained. There was a ‘casino’ where we could play Black Jack, Roulette and Craps for chips that could be exchanged for prizes. There was also a photo booth and a cheesy fortune teller. Other activities were not as well suited for Jane’s attire, the mechanical bull, the rock wall and inflatable obstacle course were out. Of course I could have done any of those but I preferred to stick beside Jane.

Around 3 AM we were both sitting at the Black Jack table. I was on a pretty good run and had built up a nice stash of chips when I started feeling the need to pee. Not wanting to break my lucky streak or give up my comfy seat I decided to put my diaper to good use. I relaxed and immediately felt my diaper grow warm. It was amazing how little effort that it still took. No one else at the table seemed to have noticed what I had just done, why would they? After a few more hands I started losing so I excused myself from the table and went into the bathroom. Being that I also had no more diapers I disposed of the one I was wearing and pulled my pants back up. As I came back table I leaned over and whispered in Jane’s ear “Now you’re not the only one going commando”.

A couple hours later the party ended and we headed towards Jane’s house. We were both exhausted and agreed it was time to call it a night. We pulled up in front of the house, the front porch light was on but the rest of the house was dark.

I walked Jane to her front door, barely able to keep my eyes open. The night was fun, but I had never been so tired in my life. We stopped at the door and Jane pulled me into a passionate kiss.

“You sure your mom’s not watching?” I asked

“No she went to bed hours ago” Jane replied “Don’t worry”

I kissed Jane again, harder and longer, pressing my body against hers.

Suddenly I heard the sound of liquid splattering on concrete.

“Crap!” Jane exclaimed looking down. My eyes followed hers, she was peeing!

Without warning Jane suddenly lifted her dress exposing her nudity and spread her legs apart as she continued to pee.

The flow stopped and she grinned sheepishly “I guess I’m even more tired than I thought. I forgot I didn’t have a diaper on.”

“Well I really hope your mom isn’t watching now!” I exclaimed.

Jane let her dress fall back down and we had one more kiss before she headed inside.

I got back in my car suddenly wide awake. This had definitely been a night to remember.

*029*2017-03-07 03:09

And now for the conclusion....

Chapter 44: Graduation Day

The final weeks of school passed in a blur. Before we knew it the day was here. Thirteen years culminating in one final event, graduation day! The school was abuzz with excitement, we had rehearsal in the gym followed by a stern lecture about ‘shenanigans’ and how they were not to be tolerated. We were then sent to a special catered lunch in the cafeteria before everyone boarded school buses to the civic center. Parking was an issue so no one was allowed to drive. After the ceremony we could all catch rides with our parents or ride the bus back to school.

The PTA had provided giant subs, chips and soda for lunch. Jane and I loaded up our plates and headed for our usual table in the corner. Everyone was busy saying goodbye. There was lots of crying and hugging and snapping of photos. I didn’t have anyone I wanted to say goodbye to. Jane was the only person I even cared about, the rest would just be a distant memory.

Jane took in the scene and seemed a bit distant herself.

“You know we have to talk about it eventually” She said quietly “College, I mean.”

“Not today, let’s just have fun, make memories and all that stuff.” I said avoiding the subject.

“Fine, but you know it’s going to happen even if we don’t discuss it. We’re going to different colleges Peter. We have to talk about what that means… for us.” Jane said seriously.

“And we will, I promise” I reassured her “But let’s just enjoy today, okay?”

“Okay” Jane agreed “I am ready to have some fun!”

“Speaking of fun…” I started. I had an idea but I was sure Jane wouldn’t go for it.

“Yes?” Jane asked in anticipation.

“You know that lecture they gave us? The one about shenanigans and behaving like proper young men and women at the ceremony?”

“What about it?” Jane seemed curious about this was going.

“I’m tired of acting like a proper young man!” I exclaimed “I haven’t done one thing out of line my whole school career. I want to do something crazy, something to make this day memorable!”

“Graduating high school isn’t memorable enough for you?” Jane asked.

“You know what I mean!” I replied “Something crazy! I had an idea…”

“And that is?” Jane prodded.

“A dare. Let’s do a dare, you know you dare me to do something and I’ll dare you to do something. If either of us back out then the loser has to do whatever the winner says for the whole summer!”

Jane seemed to mull it over in her head. “What kind of dare?” She asked cautiously.

“I’m not saying. Neither of us can know what the other’s dare is until we both agree to it” I explained.

Jane thought for a moment, “Deal! And prepare to lose, you’re going to be my slave for a whole month!”

Truthfully I didn’t care. My plan was to get Jane to agree to the dare and it had worked.

“Fine but you go first, it was your idea” Jane demanded.

“Well you know that little white dress your supposed to wear under your gown?” I started.

“What about it?” Jane sounded worried.

“Don’t wear it!” I said with a grin.

“So you want me to go nude under my gown?” Jane seemed incredulous

“Not exactly” I continued “You can keep on your bra… your bra and your diaper!”

“No way!” Jane exclaimed “I’m not wearing just a diaper under my gown! That’s crazy!”

“Fine, I win then” I stated “You will have to do WHATEVER I say for the entire summer!”

Jane rolled her eyes. “That’s not going to happen! Fine, I’ll do it. But you just watch out, your dare is going to be worse!”

“What’s my dare?” I tried to not sound worried.

“You’ll just have to wait and see!” Jane teased.

Jane came to a sudden realization “Peter where am I supposed to get the diaper from? I didn’t bring any, I haven’t worn one since prom night.”

“I thought about that” I explained “And didn’t you use to keep some extra supplies at the nurse?”

“You want me to go to the nurse and ask for a diaper?” Jane was shocked.

“Yep!” I replied.

“Fine but you’re coming with me!” Jane demanded.

We headed down the hallway towards the nurses office. We had about 15 minutes before we had to board the bus. Plenty of time to grab what we needed and rejoin the crowd.

Entering the office I noticed that the nurse was preparing for summer. Medications were lined up on the counter waiting to be picked up and cabinets had been cleared out.

“Nurse Mary?” Jane called out timidly. The nurse emerged from the back room.

“Yes dear? What do you need?” She inquired “I have to say am I poorly prepared for students today.”

“I ummm…” Jane hesitated “I just came to pick up my supplies.”

“You supplies dear?” the nurse asked, puzzled.

“You know the… stuff… I used to keep here?” Jane hinted.

“Oh you mean your diapers?” the nurse said as if it wasn’t unusual at all “I thought you didn’t need those anymore. I haven’t seen you in a couple months.”

“I don’t” Jane stammered “I uhmm.. I mean.. it’s just that my mom wanted me to get them.”

“Alright dear” the nurse said casually “They’re in the back, you can go get them. I have to head up to the office for something.”

The nurse left, shutting the door behind her. I followed Jane into the backroom which was filled with half packed boxes and various supplies scattered across the countertops.

“Here they are!” Jane called out pointing to a bag of the tape on diapers she had been wearing to school just a few months ago. Next to them were several more packages including quite a few packages of Goodnites (both girls and boys), two packages of incontinence pads and one more package of tape on diapers similar to Jane’s but a different brand.

“I guess you weren’t the only one that had a secret” I pointed out “I wonder who all these belong to?”

“I don’t know” Jane replied looking at the various packages “But these will fit you nicely!”

Jane pulled a brief from the other package of diapers.

“Fit me?” I asked, I should have seen this coming.

“You don’t think I’m doing this alone do you?” Jane smirked.

“So that’s your dare then” I said, relieved “For me to wear a diaper too?”

“Nope, that’s not my dare, but if you want me to wear a diaper you’ll put this on. Now lay down on this cot!” Jane took on an authoritative tone.

“But what if Nurse Mary comes back?” I asked.

“Then we better hurry up!” Jane exclaimed, patting the cot.

I laid down on the cot, Jane quickly undid my belt and my pants, I lifted my hips and she pulled my jeans and my boxers down with one tug. Jane slid the diaper underneath me and quickly taped it on. I stood up pulling up my pants and refastening my belt.

“Now do me!” Jane demanded, laying down.

She didn’t have to ask twice. I quickly unsnapped her pants and pulled them down to her ankles. I knew I had to hurry, Nurse Mary could be back any minute. It would be quite awkward to get caught in this position, still I couldn’t help but take a moment to gaze at the site before me. Even though I had seen it before, seeing Jane, naked from the waist down, shaved smooth (I have no idea why she was still keeping this look, but I wasn’t complaining) and lying there helpless turned me on so much!

“Hurry up Peter!” Jane woke me from my fantasizing. I fastened the diaper onto her and helped her pull her pants up. Jane grabbed the rest of her pack and shoved it into her book bag. Then together we headed toward the ride the bus for the last time in our school careers.

The plan was simple, well sort of. When we got to the civic center we would each excuse ourselves to the bathroom where we would slip off our clothes and slip on our gowns. Most people were already dressed so they simply put their gowns on over their clothes. No one noticed as I headed to the bathroom. I entered a stall and stripped off my clothes. Hesitating for a moment I stuffed my clothes into my bag and put on my black graduation gown. As I headed back to the crowd I saw Jane exiting the ladies room. I grabbed her and pulled her into an empty meeting room.

“Proof!” I demanded.

“Fine, but you go first!” Jane shot back.

I unbuttoned my robe and held it open for Jane.

“Nice!” Jane commented with a grin “I haven’t said my dare yet. Perhaps I should just send you on stage like that!”

“Don’t even think about it! Now, c’mon it’s your turn!” I reminded her.

Jane unfastened her buttons and pulled her robe wide open. I stood aghast. Jane hadn’t followed my directions to wear just her bra and a diaper. She was wearing a diaper ONLY!

No bra, no panties, nothing! Just a plain white diaper.

Jane’s breasts were tiny and cute as always. Truly she had no need for a bra, aside from modesty. But to me they were perfect and today they betrayed her. Either Jane was extremely cold (it was sweltering, 80 at least) or she was as aroused at the situation as I was. Jane held her gown open for another second and then zipped up, with a smile I did the same.

Jane and I returned to the graduation line. No one was the wiser. As usual we hadn’t been missed and no one had a clue what we were, or weren’t wearing under our robes. Or so we thought!

“Okay people line up!” a shrill voice sounded over the crowd.

It was Ms. McReedy the vice principal and the most feared woman at our school. McReedy was a strict disciplinarian and was altogether unpleasant. I had been fortunate enough to avoid any interactions with her but I had heard stories.

“People!” she shouted again. The crowd grew silent and turned her direction.

“You were warned about shenanigans!” McReedy seemed as if her head was about to explode “Now I have reports that some of you have chosen to violate today’s dress code! You were clearly told folks, plain white dresses for the girls, khakis and white dress shirts for the boys!”

Where was this going? I was afraid I knew!

“Now here’s how it’s going to go!” Ms. McReedy shouted “We’re going to make a line, one by one you will show me exactly what your wearing under your gowns. If it’s anything less than dress code you are out of graduation! OUT! Now LINE UP!”

My stomach fell to my feet, I looked at Jane, she was as pale as a ghost. Neither of us were counting on an inspection. It seemed our graduation day was going to be memorable after all, in a very unpleasant way. What was I going to say to my parents?

The students fell into line. Jane and I were somewhere near the end. While it may have provided a moment of relief, in reality in only prolonged our doom.

“What are we going to do?” Jane whimpered.

“I don’t know, maybe we can make a break for it. You know get to the bathroom and put some clothes on?” I suggested.

“Ms. Andrews!” I heard McReedy cry out “Where do you think you are going?”

A petite red head had apparently tried to slip out of line.

“Please Ms. McReedy” The girl pleaded “I was just going to the bathroom! I really have to go!”

“Lies!” McReedy screamed “Your going to change your clothed no doubt! What are you wearing girl? Unzip!”

The girl unzipped her gown and held it open, her face as red as her hair. She was indeed wearing the standard white dress.

“Please Ms. McReedy, I really do have to go” the girl begged. She shifted quickly form foot to foot, I swore I saw a trickle running down her leg.

“Go!” McReedy thundered. The girl quickly scampered off.

Getting out of line was definitely out of the question.

Ms. McReedy moved on down the line. As more people passed the inspection, McReedy’s anger seemed to grow.

About half way through line McReedy cried out again. “Well, well what is this? Blue jeans? You’re supposed to be wearing a dress miss! Please explain!”

It was Maria, an Hispanic girl with long black hair that nearly reached her waist. She was in some of my classes, we never talked but she seemed nice.

“Please Ms. McReedy” Maria spoke softly “My family is poor, we couldn’t afford a dress. These are the best clothes I have”

I felt bad for her, apparently McReedy did too.

“Zip up!” McReedy’s voice softened “And get back in line”

So McReedy had a heart after all. I doubted she would have as much compassion on me.

She was growing closer, there were only about 10 people between us and Mcreedy now.

I looked at Jane, silent tears were running down her cheeks. I took her hand.

“It will be okay” I whispered. Though I had no idea how.

“My mom is going to kill me!” Jane whimpered softly.

Ms. McReedy grew closer. Jane’s grip grew tighter.

She closed her eyes;

“Oh no! Oh no!” She moaned.

“Remember I’m in the same boat as you” I tried to help “We’re in this together”

“No, it’s worse!” Jane whispered “I’m so scared, I think may have just peed a little!”

I had to admit, I was pretty terrified myself. To the best of my knowledge my diaper was dry though. Perhaps if I wet it I could draw the attention away from Jane. I closed my eyes and concentrated.

“What do you think you are doing????” McReedys voice was suddenly in my ear. I jumped and a hot spurt of pee shot into my diaper.

McReedy was standing right beside me glaring at the boy to my right.

“You were actually going on stage like this Mr. Preston??” she demanded.

I looked over and caught a glimpse of a lot more of Gary Preston than I ever wanted to see.

“A funny prank I suppose! Well you are out of graduation mister! OUT!” McReedy screamed pointing at the door.

Gary quickly covered himself with his gown and headed out the door.

This was it. I was dead meat. Any second now I would be unzipping my gown and Ms. McReedy and my whole senior class was about to see me standing there in just a diaper. It was like a nightmare playing itself out in real life.

Jane was openly sobbing now. I really felt bad for her, this was all my idea. A stupid dare. Perhaps I could explain that, take the heat off her after all.

McReedy stepped in front of me. “Unzip!” She instructed.

The world seemed to move in slow motion. I reached for my zipper and started to pull it down. This was it. This was the end…

“Ms. McReedy” a male voice thundered out “What is going on?”

It was Mr. Thompson, the principal. Great! Now I was going to have to expose myself in front of him too!

McReedy turned “Some of the students are not wearing regulation clothes sir!” She explained “I just caught Mr. Preston and I was about to check these others.”

“We need the students on stage Ms. McReedy. We are ready to begin!” the principal insisted.

“Just a moment sir, I only have a few more.” McReedy started to turn back to me.

“Now Ms. McReedy!” Principal Thompson bellowed

“Yes sir” McReedy said reluctantly. She noticed Jane was crying and gave her a strange look before turning to the crowd.

“Move it people!” She shouted. Slowly we started filing on stage. The first thing I noticed was that my diaper was a lot wetter than I realized, I was even more scared than I thought.

Jane and I were lucky enough to have similar last names. We had always sat near each other in homeroom and now we sat next to each other on stage. I felt very fortunate to be beside her on this important day, holding her hand. She seemed happy too. Half way through the ceremony my diaper became cold and clammy. Uncertain of what else to do I closed my eyes and let go. My diaper instantly became warm again. I opened my eyes and Jane was looking at me, smiling. A bit later I noticed her sitting the same way. Was she peeing too?

When my name was called I stood to walk across the stage. My diaper sloshed heavily. I did my best to walk normally, praying it wouldn’t fall off onto the stage. Jane walked next and appeared to be having some trouble herself.

Graduation ended and the whole class filed out into the hall. Everyone was laughing and crying and celebrating. I was looking for a bathroom to get my wet diaper off before it gave way under its weight. I was headed that way when Jane stopped me.

“I haven’t given you your dare yet!” She said mischievously. I had almost forgotten or at least I had hoped she had.

“Okay here it is” Jane instructed “I want you to find a teacher… no wait… find Ms. McReedy and I want you to tell her that your diaper is wet and you need to be changed.”

“What? No way! Did you see what she did to Gary?” I protested.

“What’s she going to do? You’ve already graduated!” Jane pointed out “Besides she’ll probably just think it’s a stupid prank.”

“I still don’t know…” I hesitated.

“Fine then, I win the bet. You’re my slave for the summer!” Jane smirked.

I spotted Ms. McReedy walking across the room. This was my chance.

“Ms. McReedy?” I called out. Mcreedy stopped.

“Yes Peter?” She asked with raised eyebrow.

“I… ummmm… I…” I stammered “I just wanted to say have a nice summer.”

I chickened out.

“You to Peter” Ms. McReedy eyed me suspiciously. I think she suspected something.

Jane looked at me and smiled “Come with me slave!” she demanded.

Jane led me out to my car where my first orders were to change her. I drove to the furthest corner of the parking lot and we climbed into the back. Jane was soaked! She must have wet quite a bit during graduation.

“Do you want panties or another diaper?” I asked.

“Diaper” she grinned. I taped a dry diaper on her.

“You don’t get a choice! Lay down!” she demanded.

I happily obliged. Jane changed me into a dry diaper. We then both dressed into our regular clothes and headed to dinner. Jane picked the place, I had the feeling she was going to be making lots of the decisions this summer.

After dinner Jane told me to drive back to her house. Jane’s grandma had fell recently and her mom had been taking care of her. Often Jane was left alone for the day or even an entire night, fortunately for us this was one of those nights. We had the place to ourselves.

“Kiss me!” Jane demanded as soon as we got in the door. I happily obliged.

“Now let’s go up to my room!” she requested.

“But if your mom comes home…” I started.

“Mom told me after the ceremony she was going to Grandma’s and wouldn’t be back until morning. Trust me, it’s safe. And YOU have to do whatever I say!” Jane reminded me with a grin.

I went up to Jane’s room and she followed. This was the first time we had been in here together.

Jane sat down on her bed and I got the idea I was supposed to sit beside her. I sat down and we started to kiss. Jane laid back on her bed and pulled me down beside her. Our kisses grew more passionate, Jane’s slipped her shirt over her head. She still wasn’t wearing a bra. I moved my lips tenderly over her bare breasts. I reached for the button on her jeans and unsnapped them. Jane wiggled out and kicked them off to the floor. Next was my turn, my jeans came off as well and soon we were lying together in just our diapers. I stuck my hand down the front of Jane’s diaper and started to play.

Jane stopped me, “I have protection” she said softly.

“Oh, do you want me to change you?” I asked, she didn’t seem to be wet.

“Not that kind of protection” Jane whispered.

I would like to tell you that this was the first night of many Jane and I would spend together. I would like to tell you that we found a way to make a long distance relationship work. But the truth is we spent one last crazy, glorious summer together. Jane went off to the state college and I went to the private school. We made new friends and soon we grew apart. There was no big break up, it wasn’t messy. In fact we really are still friends. Just friends. Perhaps that is how it was meant to be after all.

