Ghosts Don't Pee!

Author: ParanOmo

*000*2022-07-26 14:03

Ghosts Don't Pee

Gretel was a ghost who was horrible at her job, which was haunting houses, scaring people, and staying unnoticed by humans. She managed to fail at her job so often, that she was banished from "The Land of Ghosts", and lost some ghostly abilities; invisibility, phasing through walls, and night vision. She miserably trudged away from the other ghosts, towards the town.

One night, she decided to try and scare a teen named Alan. However, Alan was no where near scared when Gretel appeared, and ended up befriending her. In fact, the first time they met went something like this:

Gretel slowly flew into Alan's room while he was sleeping, but carelessly knocked into a bookshelf, which toppled onto her, trapping her and making a loud noise that Alan clearly heard.

"What the hell?" Alan woke up and lifted up the bookshelf, seeing Gretel, unconscious on the floor. Gretel then quickly got up and jumped at Alan attempting a jump scare. However, immediately after her quick movement, her arms were aching horribly due to her "bookshelf injuries" and she winced at the pain, failing the jump scare. Alan just stood there and looked at Gretel, clutching her arms in agony.

" Ahem, do you need help, and why are you in my house? Wait, no, why are you even in my room?"

"I-I'm Gretel, I'm a banished ghost, and I would appreciate medical attention."

"I'm Alan, and please explain what you are before I even try and help you." Alan saw Gretel's semi-transparent body and clothes, confused at all that has happened.

After a long explanation of Gretel's backstory to Alan

"So, because you suck at being a ghost, you're now somewhat human, apart from your ability to fly and be somewhat transparent"

"Yes, that's about it." Gretel lay on the couch, quickly recovering from her injuries (part of her half-ghost abilities)

The next morning

Alan woke up the next day on his bed, quickly changed, and walked downstairs to Gretel, who was strangely shuffling on the couch.

"Gretel? You okay?"

"Huh? Yeah, yeah, totally fine!" Gretel was surprised to see Alan sitting in the chair next to her, but she was not fine. She forgot to empty her bladder for a few hours, and now the pressure was really getting to her.

"You don't seem fine. Do you, you know? Need the bathroom?"

"What? No! Are you crazy? Ghosts don't pee!" Gretel stopped shuffling

"Well, you're a half-ghost, so just know what you're doing. I'm going to buy some smoothies and ice cream, today is apparently really hot. Do you want to tag along?"

"Hm... Sure!" Gretel thought it would be a great opportunity to use the bathroom without Alan knowing.

Unfortunately, the ride was 10 minutes long, and Gretel was trying her best to not make it obvious that she really needed to use the bathroom. Once Alan left the car to order smoothies and buy ice cream, Gretel scanned the area for bathrooms but couldn't find one, until she saw a portable toilet at a construction site. But just as she was about to rush for the portable toilet, Alan returned and handed a smoothie to Gretel then drove off. Gretel hesitantly drank some of the smoothie, but the coldness of the smoothie pushed her bladder even more, she couldn't help but put her hands over her crotch, and started dancing in her seat. Soon enough, Alan noticed Gretel's pee dance.

"So... you really need to pee?" Alan chuckled.

"You don't have to rub it in my face... Pull over, right now!"

"I can't, traffic jam."

"WHAT?!?" Then, Gretel thought of something "Ugh, this is so embarrassing... Can I use your empty smoothie cup?"

"Not the best way because I'm right next to you, but if you can hold for 2 more minutes, we can make it to my house."

"Mm~mm... I really can't hold it much longer, but I'll try!"

2 Minutes Later

"Open the dooor, Alan! I'll pee in 30 seconds!" Gretel hopped around, hands between her legs, dancing in front of the door.

Gretel then burst into Alan's house and started to leak a bit, and made a beeline towards the bathroom. She quickly pulled down her skirt and panties, and sat on the toilet seat, releasing all of her pee into the toilet, after holding it in for several hours. It felt extremely relieving and Gretel started to moan, but quickly stopped when she realized something horrible... she forgot to close the door.

"That means..." Gretel thought, "Alan heard it all!"

Gretel was completely red at the thought of Alan hearing her on the toilet, and quickly wrapped up. She walked out the bathroom, cold, and embarrassed, but Alan wasn't there. He was actually upstairs the whole time.

"Alan? Did you hear me?"

"No, why?"

"I accidentally left the door open, and I thought you could hear me."

"Well, I didn't. I have a question for you though."

"Yeah?"

"Do ghosts pee now?"

"No, but half-ghosts do."

THE END

