Holding it

Author: peepal1

*000*2023-10-19 10:18

Story contains, holding, peeing, desperation and relief

There was a mama, papa, sister and brother ball. Not a soccer ball but the family's last name.

They were people just like you and I. Mama, papa and brother all had jobs and worked very hard.

Sister on the other hand was rambunctious and silly, never working.

One day when her friend busy was over they thought it would be neat to have a holding contest between them.

So they got all set up, drank lots of water and waited to see what happened, one wearing her one peace swimsuit and the other pants, shirt and underwear.

They waited and waited until they began to feel desperate then started the clock, holding it as long as possible. Busy's parents were coming in a few hours to get her which gave them lots of time.

1hr passed, still good, then 2hrs still good but by the 3rd hour busy was feeling it standing there in her clothing she couldn't take it anymore and started holding her crotch , about to pee herself in the bathroom she pulled her pants and underwear down and let go into the toilet, the pee came splashing out and streaming down, coloring the water beneath her, until it dripped and stopped, she wiped pulled up pants and underwear and went looking for sister.

Sister was hanging out waiting for her friend in the living room, almost at 4hrs now tired from swimming earlier in her spotted 1 piece suit still, she thought after it was over she would change into pants, shirt and underwear too.

Still waiting going on 6hrs since she had last gone and beginning to lose control, she ran to the bedroom and took her swimsuit off and changed clothing still holding it back and her bladder spasming by now, her friend had gone to the bathroom again, taken it so she was waiting for her chance to pee. About 1hr later after her friend showered she came out feeling refreshed.

Sister now ran into the bathroom not having gone for 8hrs now after waiting for her friend and then her brother, now about to burst she sat down on the toilet and the pee just poured out of her splashing and hissing as it went, going on a good 5min then turned into a stream and cascaded out another couple minutes before dripping, stopping. She wiped pulled her clothing up and sighed..

She had made it 8hrs without going pee. Busy said her goodbyes and left, sister thinking of all the ways and contests they could do. Next time maybe in a place that was not meant to be peed in, but holding and desperate again for sure she thought about the ally outside their favorite store or the park next door, the possibilites were endless.

