Pee Festival #1: The Dunk Tank of Piss

Author: peelove64

*000*2022-04-03 22:54

It was nerve-wracking, no doubt about that. The anticipation was almost too much to bear. I was suspended over a large tank of liquid, seated on a rickety platform ready to drop me into the contents below as soon as someone with a little strength and a modicum of accuracy took their turn. And now, after hours of waiting, the game began. I looked over at the other tank about ten feet away from my own. My coworker, Allison, locked eyes with me. We each smiled meekly and accepted our fate.

“Ladies and gentleman! The toilets are now closed and the dunk tanks are now open! Please direct your urinary needs to any of the predesignated spots along the property!” The carnival manager, Mary Harris, a 28-year old inventive entrepreneur, announced into a microphone. “Step right up and take your turn! Knock these poor saps into a big pool of your own making! Only ten tickets a turn!”

The contraption was just like a regular dunk tank you’d see at a typical county fair: a transparent tank full of water, a lever system covered by a plastic curtain and hooked up to a circular target, and a caged carny generally displeased at the prospect of plunging down below. Only this dunk tank had a unique addition; three unique additions, to be exact.

A wooden platform connected to the lid of the tank, about level to where my ankles dangled helplessly, supported three white toilets (urinals, at the adjacent men’s tank.) The toilets funneled out into the tank, and that’s what we used instead of water in the dunk tanks at Mary Harris’ Pee Festival.

For hours upon hours I watched as cute young women added the contents of their bladders to one of the three toilets. The festival goers are carefully vetted by physical attractiveness and are almost exclusively college students on spring break, so at least my view was nothing to complain about. Many of the girls used the toilets normally, lowered their pants and sitting daintily into the porcelain bowl, their yellow piss streams funneling down into the bottom of the tank, soundlessly at first but with a distinct tinkle as new pee splashed on top of old pee.

Many others chose to be more creative, trying to aim their stream from a standing position and getting a good amount on the platform instead. Some girls went alone, while others joined with friends or even strangers. At one point three lesbian couples peed all at the same time, one girl of each couple sitting normally and the other girl in each couple aiming their stream between their lovers’ thighs. The deluge of six streams made the yellow pool below rise noticeably.

Now that my toes just barely brushed against the surface of the piss-pool, Mary made her announcement and the games began. First up was a gorgeous brunette in a cherry red tank top. I had seen her bare ass and pussy multiple times throughout the course of the day, as she drank a prodigious amount of alcohol (which was given out liberally at the festival) and had to visit my tank all throughout the day. The brunette, I overheard her friend call her Kiri, liked to hover over the bowl, so I always received a perfect view, as I’m sure she was perfectly aware.

Now Mary handed Kiri a ball and wished her luck. I braced myself. I heard the dull thwak of a missed shot, but the sound came from the opposite tank. One of the guys who tried to submerge poor Allison in a giant tank of male piss had failed. Allison would remain dry for at least another few seconds. Would I be so lucky?

Kiri pulled back her arm for a wild pitch. Thankfully, the ball just missed its mark. The smell of the pee was overwhelming; I could only imagine what it would feel and taste like completely submerged in it. Perhaps I would soon find out as an athletic-looking blonde stepped up to the mound. I closed my eyes and prepared myself, but yet again I was spared.

This went on for about ten minutes, as over-eager festival-goers tried and failed to dunk either Allison or I. I had almost adapted to the rhythm of it all when I heard a yelp and a loud splash.I looked over towards Allison’s tank and saw nothing but air where my coworker once sat. The girls lined up to dunk me all directed their attention to the men’s tank, pointing and laughing at the girl splashing and spluttering in the yellow liquid.

Allison’s head surfaced fairly quickly, but she had clearly inhaled multiple mouthfuls of urine. She gasped for air and frantically tried to climb back out. She slipped a few times only to fall right back into the pool of pee. By the time she worked her way out, Allison was soaked head to toe in the piss of the male festival goers. Mary dashed over to her with a big grin, congratulated her on a job well done, a gave her a towel to dry off.

The preview of my eventual fate now over, the girls lined up to dunk me resumed their attempts. Three failed before Kiri stepped up for another go. She wound her arm back and prepared to throw, but stopped herself with a curious expression on her face. She turned to look at Allison, who was standing off to the side with the towel draped around her, still lightly damp and reeking of pee.

“I already had a turn. You want to give it a go?”

Allison looked surprised. “Well…” she looked to Mary for approval, who smiled and gave a thumbs up. “I guess it’s worth a try!”

The line of girls parted as Allison stepped up to the mound. She let her towel fly behind her like a boxer just entering the ring. We made eye contact.

“Guess it’s your turn now, huh? It’s only fair!” She smiled at me, anIt’s only fair!” She smiled at me, and for the first time I noticed just how cute she was.

“If anyone’s gonna do it I suppose I’d rather it be you,” I said back in a weak attempt at flirting. It seemed to work, though, as Allison’s smile broadened a bit. She was in a bright yellow bikini and thong, although for all I knew her swimwear was white when the day began. As soon as she made her throw, I could tell it would hit the target. Time slowed to a crawl. The telltale metal thud of ball hitting target sounded, and in an instant I was dropped below.

The warm piss of hundreds of girls enveloped me. I reflexively breathed beneath the piss and swallowed the salty fluid. It was difficult to get my bearings and I wound up underneath far longer than I would have hoped. I finally popped my head above the surface to hear the crowds of girls cheering and jeering at my misfortune. Three girls had run up and embraced Allison, getting their own clothes wet from Allison’s still glistening piss-covered body. They didn’t seem to care though, as watching me paddle helplessly in a vat of their collective urine was more than enough to make up for their own damp attire.

After what felt like ten minutes, I managed to work my way out of the tank and onto the ground. Just as with Allison, Mary quickly provided me with a towel and a few words of encouragement.

“Sorry I nailed it so easily,” Allison said with a smirk as she came up to commiserate over our shared experience.

“No need,” I said with a smile of my own. “I really am glad it was you. If it were one of the anonymous festival-goers it’d feel too impersonal, but it felt, I don’t know, earned when you did it. I feel like-“

My words were quickly cut off my Allison’s tongue. Once I composed myself, I embraced my coworkers and kissed her deeply back. Our wet bodies made a sucking noise as her pee-covered breasts smacked against my similarly soaked chest. Maybe work wouldn’t be so bad anymore.

