Fifty Shades of Yellow

Author: peepantsrunner

*000*2023-03-21 15:00

So, I've been writing some stories, not really to post, but just as a way of fleshing out my own fantasies. They mostly have too much sex to post here and too much pee to post to regular erotica sites. This is my shot at making a wetting story that's dripping sexuality without actually having any sex in it. Also, as a note, I have never read or watched the original Fifty shades that my title riffs on, and I'm not going to do research for a pee smut story I wrote in a single sitting. I just know it's got a rich bossy guy and thought the title was funny. Anyway, enjoy!

Fifty Shades of Yellow

First day at a new job. Starting work for a new boss was always a heady mix of fear and excitement, but today was something else entirely. He was very demanding of his assistants. Sir. That was how I was to address him. Just Sir. The middle manager who had hired me last week told me never to waste his time saying his full name. Never waste his time for anything.

The manager, John maybe, or maybe Jack, I don't remember, anyway he had some J name. It wasn't important because I only reported to Sir. Josh or whoever had really run me through a gauntlet of an interview, but when I had passed he'd given me all sorts of crazy instructions on how to make this guy happy. I'm not even sure if it was all real or if he was yanking my chain half the time. "Let's screw with the new girl, see what the dumbest thing we can get her to do is!"

Of course, I was used to these high-flying executive types wanting an assistant to do everything, and I mean everything, for them, and boy was this guy a real high flyer. Founder and CEO of one of these tech giants, this guy was worth billions. Billions and billions. He probably lost ten million every time he stopped working to brush his teeth, so it's no wonder he expects me to handle every part of his life that wasn't work for him. I wonder if I'll have to brush his teeth, too. Jake forgot to mention it, though, if I do.

What Jordan had remembered to tell me, though, was more than enough to make me nervous. "He doesn't do anything for himself that you can do for him. You take notes of everything he says, does, or even thinks. You open his doors. You pull out his chairs. If he walks towards the Red Sea, you'd better figure out how to part it before he gets there. You're his wife, and his mother. If his actual mother calls, you talk to her about her day for him." That one had to be a joke, right? "He also likes to look at beautiful things. He lives in a beautiful house in a beautiful place. His watch costs more than your whole family. You need to be a part of that scenery. Do you have pearls? He likes a woman in pearls. If you don't have any, go buy some, he pays plenty."

I looked at myself in the mirror, wearing the pearl choker necklace and matching stud earrings I'd picked out for today, and nothing else. He might be on to something; I did have a certain elegant eroticism wearing them. After trying on a few outfits to match, I decided on a simple black pencil skirt and a white blouse. A lacy white thong and bra set on underneath, just in case it would matter. In case he wanted to see. I buttoned one fewer of my blouse buttons than my mom would have approved of, slipped into a pair of low black heels, and headed off to work.

Maybe it was nerves, maybe it was the extra cup of coffee I'd had to ensure that I was perky and alert for my new boss, but I really had to pee when I arrived at the high rise office building. I walked into a lavishly decorated lobby, and the tinkling sounds of a magnificent fountain only added to the tingling need between my thighs. I tried instead to focus on the sounds of the grand piano a tuxedo clad man was playing in the corner as I approached the front desk.

"Hi, I'm-" I began as I strode forward, heels clacking loudly on the marble flooring. "Yes, miss, I know who you are. Head on up; he's waiting."

"Already? I'm thirty minutes ear-". Again, I was cut off abruptly. "Yes, and he arrived 45 minutes early to get you up to speed before the day really begins. He doesn't like to wait."

"Oh. Ok," I stammered out. "It's just, I really," I leaned forward, blushing, and whispered, "have to, you know, use the ladies room first. Where is it?"

"He. Doesn't. Like. To. Wait. Go up now, pee later. Top floor, Miss, this card key will let you up."

As I rode the gold plated elevator I wondered what the hell that was all about? I get being in a hurry, but who doesn't let a lady relieve herself? Some over-enthusiastic nobody at the front desk trying to get noticed, that's who. The boss is sure to ask a lot but maybe he won't be that crazy. Anyway, the pay is insane, and its not like I couldn't hold it until after he got through feeling big and telling me all the usual "you exist to serve me, you sleep when I sleep and I never sleep ha ha" stuff these types always had to power trip on.

A shiver of desperation went down my spine. That didn't mean I was losing control; my bladder just wanted to remind me the clock was ticking. I clenched my thighs together as I looked up to check how many floors were left. Right as I started to give myself a squeeze to help resist another wave of urgency, I noticed the security camera right next to the floor indicator, and had to pretend I was using my hand to brush a piece of lint from my little black skirt instead.

After another eternal minute trying to pee dance as subtly as possible, the elevator dinged and came to a stop. I had hoped to sneak into a bathroom in the hallway before heading into his office, but apparently the entire top floor was his office. The doors slid open and I stepped out directly up to his secretary's desk. The young man smiled as he waved me in, too caught up talking rapidly into his headset to even say hello.

Now that I had something to do other than stand still and think about it, my need to pee had somewhat abated. It was still there, and I'd still have to deal with it soon, but I could manage to sit or stand lady-like for whatever additional instructions he had to give me. After a brief moment to make sure my clothes and hair were still tidy and proper after my commute, and to let another pee-shiver pass through me, I went in.

"Ah, you've arrived. I'll forgive your tardiness this one time. Come stand here in the center of the room. Yes, just there, under the light."

"I'm sorry, sir, I thought I was early."

"And yet, I had to wait. I do not wait on you. You wait on me. You do not ask me for things, I command things from you. This is to be the nature of our relationship. I call it a relationship only because I expect everything from you at all times, and will pay you more money than you likely know what to do with in return. You may be with me all night at times, but entertain no ideas that that will lead to...intimacy. The woman you replace sought to get pregnant by me. She was greedy for a payout beyond her salary, and so now she is gone, and you are here. Don't mess up, Miss."

All through his monologue, my need to pee only grew more insistent. I didn't know how much longer I could hold on, but I didn't dare ask to be excused after a speech like that. I wasn't to ask him for anything, so I tightened my pussy muscles and answered, "Yes, Sir. What may I do for you, Sir?"

"Undress. Keep your jewelry on."

"I'm sorry, sir, did you ask me to undress?"

"I did, and I'll add that I have no intention of repeating myself to you in the future. It's true that I have no intention of sleeping with you, yet I require you to be beautiful," and he gestured to various paintings and sculptures around the room, including what was possibly the original Venus de Milo, "the same way I require my body guard to be intimidating." Again he gestured, this time to a professionally terrifying mountain of a man I had not previously noticed lurking in the shadows.

Apparently, I had not understood how literally I was to take my previous instructions to be eye candy. I was more like one more piece of artwork for his collection. It didn't occur to me to refuse. More than the money this job entailed, he himself had a commanding authority I felt a need to submit to. I undressed, not in an erotic strip tease as I might for a lover, but rather simply disrobing so that he might evaluate me as he likely had each of his nude sculptures before declaring them worthy to inhabit his domain.

He examined me slowly, thoroughly, pacing in circles around me as I stood stone-still. I had been naked in front of men before, but never felt so vulnerable as I did under the lights and his gaze. In a way, it was exhilarating, but all the while I was desperate to pee, and equally desperate not to show I needed to pee. "Lovely face, of course I knew that already from your profile." Another shiver ran down my spine. "Breasts are sufficiently large, and very perky as well." My legs trembled with the effort to hold it in. "Gorgeous long legs, toned, leading up to firm buttocks. Yes, that will do nicely. You must keep still, though."

"Yes, sir, I will."

My body betrayed my words, though, and a large spasm of desperation shook my whole body. "I said, be still."

"Yes, sir, sorry."

"It's fine. I suppose you're just cold. Just take a wider stance so I can see your vulva, and then you may get dressed again." I did as I was told, but spreading my legs took my desperation to a level I didn't believe was possible. He took his sweet time looking at my pussy, and it took every ounce of strength I could summon not to piss all over his face. He must have noticed me literally vibrating with the effort, and began to get irritated with me. "If you can't stand still while I look at you, this might not be a good fit after all."

"I'm sorry, sir." I was now fighting to keep control of my voice as well as my bladder. "It's just I drank too much coffee and I'm nervous and I couldn't go to the ladies room when I got here because you were already waiting and now I really have to pee so bad and taking my panties off only me it worse but you told me not to ask you for anything so I was trying to wait." It all came spilling out of me. The words, that is, not the pee. Not yet. It made me feel like such a silly school girl to gush like that in front of such a powerful man.

"Oh," he said. "I'm finished examining you anyway, so you may urinate quickly and then we'll get to work."

"Oh thank you, sir." I said, now holding myself openly with one hand while I hobbled over to where I had laid my clothes. "Where's the restroom?"

"Oh, I don't have time for that. Just go where you stand."

I had started getting dressed with my panties, and had just finished pulling them up when he told me this. He couldn't be serious, but I also couldn't ask him, and I definitely couldn't afford to stand around thinking about it. I looked at his eyes, and he gave me a curt nod with a "go on" circular hand motion. Beyond that, he simply sat, watching me, and waiting. And he hated waiting.

Looking back, I suppose I could've at least pulled my panties to the side. It's just hard to think straight when you have to pee that bad and the most powerful man alive tells you to hurry up and go. I took my hands out from where they had been frantically squeezing my pee hole shut, stood up tall with my bare breasts held high, and finally let go.

At first, nothing happened except the electric tingle radiating from between my thighs grew ten fold. I'd never felt anything that intense down there, and I didn't know if I would pee, orgasm, or die from it. Finally, he spoke a single word, "pee."

My body obeyed his command as it had not obeyed my own. A hot torrent of pee gushed from between my lips. A solid stream hissed through my lacy thong as if it weren't there and splattered nosily against the exquisite marble between my feet. Tiny rivulets of warmth spurted from either side of the insubstantial strip of fabric, snaking their ways down my thighs. The pee running down my legs and the pee splashing up from the floor met at my knees, and along with the pee soaking slowly up the back of my thong between my ass checks, I was completely soaked in it from the waist down.

Fully relaxed, and yet with an indescribable tension thrumming through my whole body, I fully emptied my bladder in front of him. He watched me wet myself with the same look of disinterested appraisal as he had examined my figure, yet the plainly visible tent he was pitching in the front of his expensive suit pants told me he was enjoying the show. I was enjoying giving him the show, too. It was bliss to finally pee, and it felt even better because I was submitting to his command to pee. It was like my bladder had found the master it had always secretly longed to serve. As my pee stream slowed to a trickle and then just a drip, I pushed one more short but powerful spurt out, just for him.

"Very good, Miss, very good. Are you ready to work now?"

"Yes, sir," I answered him breathlessly, heat flushing my trembling body. "Good. Put the rest of your clothes on and inform the cleaning staff that you've had an accident in my office. We'll be headed down to the conference room to have a board meeting in five minutes, and I need you taking notes, not mopping up urine."

"Yes, sir."

As I got dressed, leaving my pee-soaked panties on under my professional yet sexy outfit, he added one more instruction. "One more thing, Miss"

"Yes, sir?"

"In the future, don't waste my time fidgeting around. You will be managing my schedule, so you will know when your opportunities to urinate will be. If you can't hold it until then, then spare no time or attention trying to do the impossible. Just go."

***

I worked for him for many years after that, and I never once asked him if I could slip off to go pee. Most days, that just involved holding it a little. I was allowed to go when he was going, and he didn't seem to need to go half as often as I did. So I learned to hold it really well and show no outward signs of my desperation.

Every now and then, though, I couldn't make it. A couple times a month, or maybe once a week, I wet my panties. It was usually an accident, but sometimes he told me to do it as he had that first day. Those times he always watched. He never did anything else, he never touched me, but he always watched, and he always got hard watching.

*002*2023-03-23 11:37

@hanpi

My German is terrible! I had to use Google to work out "brave" and "horny". I wonder why Duolingo never tried to teach me horny lol. Anyway, I'm glad you found it interesting.

*004*2023-03-27 01:13

@loveight

I'm in the middle of working on something else right now (chapter 1 hopefully up tomorrow), but I'm open to the idea of revisiting this later. I usually have an idea or read an experience on here that knocks around my head for a couple days before it turns into something worth writing. I've got something that I think could work into a second chapter of this story, but I could just as well use it somewhere else instead. I'm completely open to suggestions on where this could go while I'm still focused on other stories.

*005*2023-08-10 11:50

@hanpi

@loveight

I finally decided to circle back around to this story and add more. The second chapter is turning out to be quite long, so I'm posting part 1 now and will have part 2 up soon. I know where I'm going with it, I just need time to type it out. Anyway, as the two fans of chapter one, I hope you both enjoy this one.

Fifty Shades Wetter

Mr. Yellow and I settled into a regular routine at work. It certainly wasn't normal, no, nobody would quite call it that, but I knew what to expect day to day. I learned to hold my pee far longer than I ever thought possible. More importantly, I learned how to ignore my crazy-full bladder and focus on my work.

Most days, that was enough. Eventually, Mr. Yellow would need a bathroom break himself, and I would be allowed to run off and take care of my own business. Some days, though, I just couldn't make it. Mr. Yellow must have been part camel or something, because at least once a week, I would flood my chair while taking notes for him, or leak while following him to or from some meeting, leaving a trail of pee drops all the way down the hallway.

Mr. Yellow obviously enjoyed watching me whenever I peed my panties, and I knew he found me beautiful. After all, he had dozens of applicants for this job at least as qualified as I was, and he picked me over all the rest just so he could have something nice to look at while he thought. Seeing hot streams of piss shooting through my panties always raised a very visible erection in his pants, and I'm not sure, but I think I saw it throbbing out an orgasm on one occasion. And yet, he never once touched me. Well, until the night of the party, that is.

The party was one of those rich-guy parties that's really about showing off how rich he is and who he knows. You know the kind I mean. The whole guest list was people you've probably seen in movies or on election ballots. The ones you haven't heard of? Well, those guys pull the strings of the ones you do know. And of course, half these rich guys had a girl half his age on his arm.

That's what most of the party guests would probably think I am: just another pretty face, and, to be honest, a pair of pretty tits. It was no secret that I'm Mr. Yellow's assistant, but not everybody does their homework like he does. Most of them would assume I'm just some model he's fooling around with, and people who look down on you will let some words slip like you're not even there. Words that I, of course, recite back to Mr. Yellow later. I don't always know what's important, but it all helps him build his little empire.

To help disguise me as his little play thing, the dress Mr. Yellow's tailor's assistant (because that's a thing when you're rich) dropped off for me to wear somehow managed to look elegant, yet also sluttier than just full-on nudity would've been. I opened the box and pulled out a surprisingly small amount of black silk, and underneath it, a single diaper. I turned to Mr. Yellow, a questioning look in my eyes.

"Of course, Alisa. I'd hate for you to miss anything because you're off in the ladies room. Unless, of course, that's exactly where you need to be to hear the best gossip, I expect you to be nearby all evening. But it wouldn't do to have you wet yourself in front of everyone, either. This way, you may stay with me, while also peeing as needed. I trust you can be a lady and not flash your wet diaper at anyone, yes?"

"Of course, sir. That makes perfect sense. I'll change right away, sir." "Good, you may change here." So once again, I found myself stripping completely down in Mr. Yellow's office, and once again, he watched intently but made no advances. I decided to push him a little, to see if I could get a rise out of him.

"Oh, Mr. Yellow, I just thought of something. I don't need to put this diaper on already needing to pee, do I?" "No. No, of course not. Good thinking. You'd better pee first." That was all the permission I needed to wet my panties, which were all I still had on, but I wanted to make a show out of it. I jammed my hands between my thighs, squeezing my tits together, with the best, "oh no! I'm about to have an accident!" I could fake for my boss. A little dancing and hopping around completed the charade, as well as giving me an excuse to jiggle my tits in front of him.

I released my bladder, and covered the big "O" on my face of feigned surprise with both hands, making sure Mr. Yellow had a nice view of the pee steaming through my tiny blue panties and falling to the floor. Mr. Yellow caught his breath, clearly liking what he was seeing. I saw one hand grasping at the arm of his chair, and I wondered if he was fighting the urge to touch my naked body, or his own massive erection.

After pushing one last spurt out, I slid my drenched underwear to the puddle between my feet, stepped out of them, and stood back up. I held my panties out towards Mr. Yellow, dripping as they hung from one hooked finger. "Oops. These got wet. Where should I put them, sir?" I asked coyly. He responded breathlessly, "In my top drawer. They'll be cleaned and returned to you... eventually."

Mr. Yellow shook his head and suddenly seemed to remember his commitment not to become too intimate with hired help. "Come on Alisa; this is a silly waste of time. Clean up, get dressed, and let's go. You have..." he looked at his watch that cost more than my car, "... three minutes."

I quickly did as he asked. Apparently the tailor had taken the "little" part of "little black dress" very seriously. It was completely backless, and the neckline plunged so low it was practically frontless, too. That only got worse when I realized the slit up the side went high enough that I was in danger of showing off the side of the diaper I had on, so I had to tug the whole thing down another inch, running the risk that my breasts would just fall out if I so much as sneezed. The only consideration of modesty seemed to be some ruffling in the fabric covering my ass that helped to break up the outline of the pull-up.

"How do I look, sir?" Mr. Yellow looked me over, thought for a minute, and added a ridiculous diamond necklace and earrings from a locked drawer. "Absolutely lovely, Alisa. No one will be able to look at anything else all evening." I did a quick spin in front of a full-length mirror (gold framed, of course). Yup, I'd have no trouble passing myself as just his dumb arm candy.

The party was going about how I always thought a billionaire's would: food, live music, and conversation that I swear nobody actually enjoyed, but that each and every one of us pretended to appreciate so we wouldn't be outed as the one uncultured swine surrounded by our highly sophisticated betters. My job here was mostly to flirt with other men to get them to loosen up, while making it clear that I still belong to Mr. Yellow. It was easy work considering I was only slightly more dressed than the Greek statues in the ballroom, and actually am quite attracted to my boss.

The tricky part was the way the wine glass in my hand seemed to magically stay full. Mr. Yellow must have hired ninjas as wait staff. Absent mindedly sipping during conversation can add up to drinking too much pretty quickly with a bottomless glass, and after an hour, I had to get rid of it and find something else to do with my hands while I talked. It was too late, though; I was already feeling a nice buzz, and what's worse is that I could feel my bladder filling up by the minute!

I knew I had the diaper on, but I considered that my last resort. My parachute in case of emergency. What if it leaked? What if I went still and checked out of the conversation while I peed, and just as someone started to notice, the music stopped and everyone could hear? I wasn't sure how loud peeing in a diaper would even be. What if it got all puffy and saggy when it was full and made me walk funny and you could see it hanging out the bottom of this tiny dress?

Ok, none of this was helping at all. Rather than thinking about what would happen when I had an accident, I needed to focus on not having the accident in the first place. Or, better yet, focus on what I'm supposed to be doing, which just then, was talking to some foreign oil baron. From the way he was looking at me, I think he had been asking me some question and was waiting on an answer.

I froze, and was just about to stammer out something that may or may not have had anything to do with the topic, when Mr. Yellow covered for me. "Oh yes, she's been having a wonderful time. Just a bit dumbstruck by all this. She grew up on a potato farm you know. Took her a week to learn to look where she was going in the city instead of gawking at how tall the buildings are."

Both men chuckled condescendingly at me as my cheeks flushed. I suppose the lie did cover my mental absence from the conversation, but did Mr. Yellow really think of me as that far beneath him? Just moments before, I was ready to do anything, and I mean anything at all, to please Mr. Yellow, but now? I decided to just let go and piss full-force into this stupid diaper, and hope it leaked everywhere. After all, wearing it was his stupid idea and these were his stupid "friends" we were trying to impress. So why not?

Pee flowed the instant I relaxed, but I only got a second of blissful release before Mr. Yellow spoke again. "Are you ok? Perhaps we should step outside and get some fresh air?" "Of course, sir, I would love to." I had immediately forgotten that I was supposed to be upset with him, like a puppy that's just happy to be paid any attention, and had to stop peeing to follow him out onto a balcony.

We were looking down onto the most beautiful gardens I had ever seen, but before I could compliment Mr. Yellow on them, he demanded to know what was I thinking? "I need you focused in there, Alisa. This isn't one of your college sorority parties; we're here to rub elbows with the most influential people alive. This is empire building! So what's going on with you?"

I couldn't lie to him. "I just, really, really have to pee. That wine is flowing straight through me. And I know you like making me wet myself and I'm ok with that, but I'm really nervous about doing it in there with all those people. Believe it or not, peeing myself wasn't really a part of my life before I started working for you, and I have no experience at all going in a diaper. Will it even hold enough?"

Mr. Yellow looked thoughtful for a minute before asking me, "Alisa, is there anything you wouldn't do if I asked you?" "Of course not, sir." I meant it, too. Even though I had been mad at him, and ready to ruin his party by peeing all over his floor in the middle of it, I still knew I would never tell him no. He just had that kind of power over me.

Mr. Yellow came and stood close behind me as I looked out into the garden, placing his hands on the railing over mine. Pressing his body gently against me. "That's good. I've been dreaming of something since I met you. I told myself again and again I wouldn't do it, but I can't deny myself any longer. Not after that little show you put on earlier. There's a... need that's been building all night in me, and it's becoming quite urgent. But, you understand, I'm not telling you as your boss right now. I'm asking. You can say no, and I won't hold it against you in the slightest."

"Go ahead. I want this, too." I whispered, unable to believe this was happening. "I'm yours. Do anything you want to me." And he did. His hands felt their way up my thighs, flooding the area between them with a warmth and readiness for more. He slid my pull-up to the side, and slid his rigid member into it. I was dripping with a wetness that had nothing to do with pee, and I felt him slide... right past it?

We stood there together, motionless, for a long moment while I wondered what my boss was doing. My dress was hiked up, we were hips to ass, and the base of his penis was against my pussy, but the shaft of it ran up in front of my neatly trimmed bush, and his head rested just below the diaper's waistband. Then he sighed, and I understood.

A hissing, crinkling sound filled the warm night air, as tickling trickles of heat flowed from his manhood, pooling and gathering against my womanhood. The warmth seemed to spread through me, radiating to my furthest extremities, but I knew that was just the flush of burning desire. I could feel my nipples stiffen under the thin silk that barely covered them, and a blush rising in my cheeks. I moaned softly, and Mr. Yellow pulled me in tighter, pissing even harder now.

Mr. Yellow's pee was soaking into every inch of my pull-up, creeping warmth up over my ass, and yet he was peeing more into it much faster than it could be absorbed. A small stream leaked out where the material was bunched to the side to let him in, and snaked its way down my thigh, making a tiny puddle at one foot. My pussy ached in equal parts with the need to have him inside me, and the need to add my own pee to the bubbling lake that it was now submerged in. I held back, though. Mr. Yellow would tell me when, and where he wanted me to pee. My bladder belonged to him now.

Nobody can pee forever, and just as I thought I would surely climax from the thrill of it, Mr. Yellow slowed to a dribble, and stopped. We stood there for some time, his arms around my waist, his erection still hot against my wet skin. If it was any other man on earth who had put me in a diaper, made me nearly wet it in desperation, and then chose to pee into it himself, I would've hated him for it. I would've felt used, and dirty. Part of my brain was telling me I should've felt that way then, but for my boss, it was different. Far from shamed or degraded, I felt...strangely proud? Yes, I felt proud that the man who could pee anywhere in the world, wanted to pee right here, so close to me. Proud that my own peeing had brought such a disciplined and powerful man to lose control of his desire for me.

Mr. Yellow spoke tenderly in my ear, sending a shiver down my spine. "Would you be a good girl, and do one more thing for me, Alisa? I promise I'll make it worth your trouble." Without hesitation, I told him he could have anything from me. Anything at all. "Good, I'm glad to hear that. Now, I know you have to pee, yourself. I knew before you told me. You see, while you have become very skilled at maintaining your composure while desperate in our time together, there are always subtle signs. A lip bite, a quivering thigh, that sort of thing. Anyone else might miss them, but I've been watching you quite closely. You're a beautiful young woman, but you become absolutely fascinating when you're fighting a losing battle not to wet yourself. Every little fidget and sharp inhale is like a drug to me, and so I never miss a dose."

Again, part of my brain told me this level of attention should be creepy, but from him, I could only find it flattering. Six months ago, it had never occurred to me that my tiny bladder would be the sexiest thing about me, and here I was driving the richest man alive wild with it. He continued, "And so, I know you have to pee right now. But, I also know you can hold it longer. You can go at least another hour, maybe more. Promise me you'll hold it until you can't anymore. Until it all comes flooding out of you, completely outside your control. I know this diaper won't hold another drop, so I'll watch you oh so closely. I'll make sure it doesn't happen in there, with all those people. Trust me, and I'll take good care of you."

I trusted him absolutely, and told him as much. He finally pulled out of my drenched diaper, and pulled both it and my dress back into place, a gentleman making sure his lady is presentable, and we headed back into the party.

*008*2024-08-01 20:17

I can. I had been mulling over how to proceed with a third chapter, but it sat relatively unnoticed for almost a year. Not sure why it's a popular story today, but if people want more, I'll see what I can do.

*011*2024-08-05 12:00

Well, I appreciate the compliment. This one didn't get many up votes so I didn't think there was an audience for it. I just reread the first two parts to remind myself what's going on. I can't believe they let me put such filthy smut on the Internet! I'll see if I can top it for part three, but I do have other hobbies so be patient if you don't hear anything for a week or two.

*012*2024-08-08 11:06

I'm backing up and changing the last paragraph from part two. Deal with it.

We stood motionless together, soaking in the moment of his urine soaking into my diaper. He muttered, "no...I shouldn't" to himself, and pulled out at last, after giving me one last spurt of pee for good luck. "We should head back inside, er, things to do."

It was the closest I had ever seen him come to losing his composure, but a second later he was back to his usual commanding confidence. "Alisa, you're a bit of a mess. Your diaper is just peeking out from below your dress, for one thing." Without any further warning, he pulled my dress down to cover my now much larger diaper, and my breasts fell completely out the top as they had been threatening to do all night.

"Hmmm, that won't do." He said, and after a couple minutes of wrestling and tugging, the two of us managed to position the tiny dress in exactly the right middle ground. "There we go, perfectly lady-like. You look lovely!" He said. I wasn't so sure about, "lady-like", considering we had to settle for covering the pointy parts of my nipples, but letting a hint of pink peek over the top of the black fabric, but I cherished the compliment all the same.

"Ok. I'm going to head back in now. You have..." he checked his watch, "two minutes. Two minutes to stop blushing like a freshman that just got asked to senior prom and then I need you back inside. Remember: I know just how bad you have to pee right now, but I also know you can hold it for me, can't you?"

I looked up into his piercing blue eyes, gave him the tiniest nod, and whispered, "yes, sir." Then, regaining my composure a bit, I repeated my affirmation in a far more professional tone. "Good girl. I'll make it worth your trouble, I promise." "Good girl" nearly undid me again, but I held it together. He went in, and I took several deep breaths to calm myself. I gave myself one minute, because it always pays to over deliver with him, and went in.

Have you ever tried to hold a bladder full of pee while you were a bit tipsy on ??? glasses of champagne? How about while you were also incredibly nervous and felt like everyone was staring at you (and a lot of them were; I was incredibly close to naked in that tiny dress, after all)? Here's one, dear reader, you probably haven't tried: holding back a flood of pee when your pussy is already splashing about in a lake of pee barely absorbed into your diaper.

Any one of those factors would've been enough to make me lose it all and empty my bladder any other time. Believe me, after all the accidents he had made me have, I knew when I was on the verge of one. But this time was different. It wasn't any pee slowly cooling but still oh-so-hot against my aching pussy; it was *his* pee. And wearing a diaper full of his pee, while I dutifully held my own in for his pleasure, was pure torture but also pure bliss.

Never in my life had I been so aroused (because I know you're wondering: yes, it made my nipples hard, and yes, you could tell, and yes, everyone was trying to look without looking too much), and somehow, it was giving me the strength to do the impossible.

I managed to not only hold my pee in, and do it without looking like I was the most desperate I'd ever been in my life, but I even managed to start enjoying the party. I talked to the most powerful men on earth, laughing at all the right times, flirting just enough, playing smart enough to be interesting and dumb enough to not be threatening. In short, I charmed those horny old geezers into spilling secrets worth billions, with a B.

Nobody gave me anything so explicit as the secret formula for Coke, of course, but it was little things. Things he could use. For example, two different C-suite execs from a company that he's been in very hard negotiations with both let slip that they've had to make some cutbacks lately. Translation: they were bluffing about their strength and he can break them if he holds out.

All the while, my bladder was screaming at me for release. It was a scream I could ignore, though. The knowledge that the warmth and wetness enveloping me was his pee, his golden gift to me, kept me going. I could hold it all night, if he needed me to. I...was already peeing?

When did that start? Between the brightly intense feeling of needing to pee, and the electric hum of arousal holding me teetering on the constant edge of orgasm, the feeling of a slow, steady trickle leaking out from between my lips was lost like a whisper in a hurricane. But I knew I must be peeing, because a slow, steady trickle of pee was leaking out of my diaper, our diaper rather, and running down the back of my left thigh.

It's only by pure luck that it flowed the direction it did. If it had snaked around the front of my leg, or, even worse, dropped straight to the ground, the duke currently undressing me with his eyes while pretending to be interested in talking to me surely would've seen. With a superhuman effort of will, I stopped the flow, and the tap tap tap of droplets falling the two inches from my raised heel to the floor stopped moments later.

I knew he was watching me, and I trusted him, but I had to make sure he knew just how desperate my situation was getting. Locking eyes from across the opulent ballroom, I casually raised one eyebrow at him. I hoped he got my message, namely, "please help I'm peeing myself right now", while staying subtle enough that only he would read that on my face.

Success! He made his way over, and smoothly cut into our conversation. "Excuse me, but the band is playing one of my favorites for dancing. Would you mind if I borrowed the young lady?" Guiding me away, I felt relieved, but my relief soon turned to horror. How could I possibly dance like this?

"With all due respect, sir," I said as a chance draft of air on my neck nearly tipped my tingling body over the edge into first one kind of release and then the other, "are you sure this is a good idea?" "Of course it is. What could be a better idea than sharing a waltz with a beautiful young woman?" I gave him my best, "you know what I mean" look, but he simply smiled his charming smile and held out his hand.

I was used to letting him guide me, both as my boss and also in allowing him so much control over my bladder. Over my body. So, following his lead on the dancefloor came as naturally as breathing. Still, it felt nice to finally have him physically lead me, to hold me close. It felt safe.

He was an excellent dancer, and his leadership more than compensated for my lack of experience. As we twirled around the floor, I could almost forget that my teeth were swimming I was so full of pee. Almost. His calming touch took away all the worry over it, magically transforming all the frantic urges into a second layer of my arousal, intertwining, strengthening, and completing one another.

Then with no warning, he squeezed me during a turn. It was gentle, but it was enough. A short, violent jet of pee burst from me, rewarming our cooling diaper. As it was already fully saturated with his pee, my own contribution ran right out and down to the floor a second later. We kept dancing, and every so often, he would do it again!

After the third or fourth time he squeezed a quick pulse of pee from my failing bladder, I realized his genius. He timed every one of them so the pee would leak out while his body was between myself and the other guests. The band could see, of course, but they seemed intently focused on their sheet music.

Knowing what he was doing, I put my faith in his apparent expertise in the discipline of squeezing pee out of a girl, and simply enjoyed our time moving so close together. After several more quick leaks, the song ended, and he managed to turn away directly into a waiter, spilling champagne all over the floor I had just dripped pee across for several minutes. The perfect cover-up after the perfect crime!

The waiter, of course, was horrified, but my boss told him not to worry, accidents happen, and simply to clean it up. Turning back to me, he grabbed my arm, pulled me in, and whispered, "that should buy you some time."

Is this what becoming one with the universe or ascending to a higher plane or whatever would feel like? There was a bit less pee in my bladder, just a bit, but if anything, my nerves were all the more awake to every detail of sensation after the tease of quasi-relief. Waves of pleasure and urgency blended together radiated out from my pussy, rippled through every fiber of my body, and returned to my center. My skin was hot and buzzing with sexual energy, but my mind was as cold and focused as a star in the winter sky. I would hold it for him, and I would not show my need to anyone. Anyone but him, that is.

How long this enlightened state carried me, I don't know. But, eventually, the party wound down and the guests were leaving. I had made it! Sensing eminent relief, my exhausted body lowered it's guard, and I started to pee, and couldn't stop this time! The last group was waking out, and if they turned for one last word, they would surely notice the sheets of pee flowing down both legs this time!

But, my luck held out once again! The door shut behind them, and we were alone. Well, the staff was there, but they were paid not to notice things they shouldn't. I finally managed to shut off the faucet between my legs, but I knew I had only minutes before my bladder fully emptied, superhuman arousal-based holding powers or not.

"Let's go upstairs. It's time." he said, sweeping me towards the elevator with his hand in the small of my back. "Don't give up yet. You're almost there." I barely managed a whimpered, "mmm hmm" and shuffled along beside him, suddenly unable to take full steps. I shifted my weight from side to side, frantically trying to hold on as the elevator drew near, each number on the floor indicator seeming to indicate a new level of desperation.

Through all this eternal struggle to hold myself, I hadn't once been able to literally hold myself. I couldn't wait for the privacy of the closed elevator, but the very second the doors closed, I suddenly had his hand under my dress, our diaper pushed to the side, with his finger parting my lips and perfectly placed on my quivering pee hole. How on earth did he do that? Was this guy the real Batman, but instead of combat, the ancient ninja tribe had trained him in gynecology?

However he managed it, it was enough to keep my pee in as the elevator ascended, well, most of it anyway. A few drops ran down his hand, soaking into his tuxedo jacket sleeve. Meanwhile, I was bouncing up and down, completely unable to hold myself still in my manic state of fullness.

My breasts finally acted on the threat they had been making all night and bounced right out of my dress. That was perfectly fine here in the elevator, as he is welcome to look at them whenever he pleases, but what about when the doors opened? I was far too spastic at this point to redo the delicate operation of getting my dress to cover me properly, but as it turned out, I need not have worried.

We arrived on the penthouse floor. Like his office one floor below, he had this entire floor to himself as a living space for nights he worked too late to go to his estate. I had little time to admire the decor, however, on account of I HAD TO PEE! He led me inside, and on seeing that my little black dress had both fallen down at the top and ridden up at the bottom and was now essentially my little black belt, he took it off of me.

"Well? What did you learn from our guests tonight? Spare no detail." What?!? How could this not wait? I was so full I was afraid my ears might start leaking and he wanted a report? Well, of course he did. I worked for him, not the other way around after all.

The reminder that I had a job to do gave me a purpose to keep holding, and that gave me the ability to do it. With a clear and steady voice, I calmly told him every last detail of relevant information I had gleaned through the night, answering several clarifying questions. It was a perfectly professional report, given with both hands jammed firmly between my clenched thighs, fully nude aside from a completely saturated diaper, and hopping about from foot to foot.

When it was finally over, he smiled at me. That smile! I would've done it all just for that smile, that acknowledgement that he was pleased with me, but that wasn't my only reward. "You did magnificently tonight. You've already gotten a substantial raise for your efforts, but perhaps, is there anything else I can offer you? Maybe something a little more...personal? Keeping in mind of course, my rules about intercourse with staff."

"I want to pee on you!" The words gushed out of me before I had even considered them. "You...do?" he replied. I knew I couldn't take the words back having said them, so I looked up into his ice blue eyes with the sweetest puppy dog beg I could muster, and asked again, "please, sir. You peed on me, I want to pee on you."

Without a word, he laid flat on his back on the floor, reached up, and ripped our diaper away, tossing it carelessly to the side where it landed with a wet splat. The cold air suddenly striking my warm privates was too much, and I began leaking through my fingers. I took a step to stand over him, and the act of spreading my legs increased the trickle to a steady stream.

Eyes closed in pure ecstasy of relief, my steam quickly became a raging torrent, powerfully splashing down onto the powerful man between my feet. I moaned in pleasure as my legs shook, and finally gave out under me. I would have smacked my knees against the hard floor as I collapsed, but strong and steady hands caught me at the waist, gently guiding my descent.

Still peeing as I never have, before or since, I realized he had guided my fall directly onto his face as I felt his tongue expertly begin to explore my lips and clit. Teased as I had been up to this point, he brought me to a screaming orgasm in mere seconds, causing my jet of pee to shoot out in pulses and waves as my whole body convulsed, but never stopping the flow.

After what seemed like ages, wonderful, erotic and wet ages, I was finally empty. I opened my eyes and looked down to see a massive lake of pee surrounding his head, his hair and shoulders completely soaked, and his nose still intently buried in my trimmed golden blonde bush, full of droplets of golden fluid that glinted in the light. I ran my fingers through his jet black hair peppered with silver that showed he wasn't too vain to look his own age, and squeezed my thighs over his ears as my second orgasm began to build.

I had thought I was empty, but as I came a second, and several minutes later, a third time, his eagerly busy mouth was rewarded with short but powerful gushes. I knew he wouldn't have sex with me, but I had to have him inside of me one way or the other. Still gasping and shaking from my latest release, I looked into his eyes and asked, "may I return the favor, sir?"

"I was hoping you would. Although, considering all the times I've watched you pee in your clothes, perhaps you'd like to see me do the same first?" I sat on my heels next to him, eagerly awaiting the show. I had never thought about wanting to see a man pee his pants before, but I found myself wanting it almost as bad as I wanted to feel him thrust into me.

It took several minutes for him to relax enough, considering he was clearly rock hard, but at last he began wetting himself for me. A slow trickle at first, but it quickly became a steady stream soaking his black pants, gurgling as it passed slightly though the fabric where his erect tip was still pressed tight against it. This was the sexiest thing I'd ever watched, and despite having already came three times, I began to touch myself as I watched.

Soon, long before he was empty, even that wasn't enough. I needed his pissing cock inside of me. I undid his belt and pants, and although he questioned what I was doing, he didn't stop me or stop his steam as I took him out of his boxers and into my mouth.

Surprisingly, I didn't mind the salty taste of his hot piss filling my mouth as I sucked and bobbed up and down the length of his cock, both hands working his shaft. I swallowed as much as I could, and felt honored to have some of him deep inside me, but most spilled out to join the puddle growing under his ass.

His steam slowed and then died off, disappointingly early. I had hoped for more, but mere seconds later, I knew why he couldn't pee more as he grunted and thrust deeper into my mouth and his hot load spurted into my throat. His cum mixed with his pee in my mouth, and then in my belly as I swallowed all of it, not daring to let even one drop escape as I had with the overwhelming flood of urine.

Without taking my mouth off of his member, I managed to ask, "an ou ee ore" which is what "can you pee more" sounds like with a dick in your mouth, in case you were wondering. He got the message, though, and after a few moments to relax, managed to finish peeing for me. Having already came, this time I was able to give him some very sloppy and enthusiastic head without ruining his ability to let it flow.

I kept going after he finished, and within another minute or two, my efforts were rewarded with grunts, bucking hips, and a second, slightly diminished spray of cum for me to gulp down.

Fully satisfied, he stood and undressed fully. He took me by the hand, and led me to the shower, no words of explanation needed. As the water struck my skin, my deeply exhausted bladder suddenly and unexpectedly gave out and I peed all over both of our feet, giggling at the surprise. It was our pee, really, considering it was him who had refilled my bladder.

In answer, he peed back on me, easily reaching my nipples with his steam even though he only had enough in him for a short spurt. Both of us sexually spent, it was only silly play, but I loved it nearly as much as our more erotic adventures.

Towling off, he said to me, "Alisa, you've truly gone above and beyond everything I could ask of you tonight. It doesn't seem right to turn you out late at night and with only that ridiculous dress to head home in. Stay here with me tonight. Don't get any ideas about permanent arrangements, but sleep here in my bed and I'll have someone bring you fresh work clothes in the morning."

I agreed, and, not having anything to wear, wore nothing as we prepared for sleep. However, after pushing my bladder so hard, it simply had no will to hold any pee in, and I kept leaking everywhere. He put me in another diaper, and put one on himself, explaining that his time was too valuable to lose sleep getting up in the night, and we drifted off to sleep tangled in each other's arms.

Sorry the formatting took out my paragraph breaks when I copy and pasted it here. Hope it's not too hard to read but I don't see an edit comment button here.
