Sarah & Kylie - A Trans-Positive, Kink-Positive. Pee-Positive Romance

Author: PottyInMyPants

*000*2019-10-09 11:24

Hi! this is my first time writing something like this. I've posted some real sexual encounters online before, but never written kink fiction like this.

This is a story I'm making up about a lesbian couple: A trans woman named Sarah, and her girlfriend, Kylie. This story is heavy on sexual content, non-sexual peeing, sexual peeing, and other kinks- but also, it's heavy on romance, character development and some background. These characters aren't real, but aspects of their personalities are inherited from myself and my partner in real life. These characters are not made-for-porn lesbians who exist to get you off (though I certainly hope to achieve that!) but hopefully will serve as believable, likable and relatable women. There's not enough trans-positive porn out there, and I figured the best way to change that is to write some myself.

First, some information to get out of the way for the sake of clarity for CIS readers and for trans readers to get a vibe for the character and see if it's right for them and their own outlooks on their bodies and identities:

Sarah is a trans woman. She has a penis, though a couple years of hormones have realistically altered its appearance and function. She refers to it by a large variety of words, including but not limited to: girlcock, cock, penis, dick, and clit. She refers to her ass as, well, her ass, but also as her pussy in some situations where Kylie tops her. I will never use degrading terms or slurs in these stories, or any of my stories for that matter. I do have some realistic experiences with my trans' characters' coming out stories and mentions of being deadnamed, but nobody is going to treat these characters poorly. It's porn, you're here to cum, not think about heavy shit. Sex between these characters takes on a variety of forms, and one of them is PIV penetrative sex.

Now, CHARACTER DESCRIPTIONS:

Sarah is a strong girl, a little bit physically as she spends time working on her project cars, but also emotionally and intellectually. She has a thirst to teach herself things and to share her passions with anyone who will listen, but especially her girlfriend. She's 5'10, has shoulder-length hair that's naturally dark brown but that she dyes regularly, usually blonde or black. Her eyes are a greyblue, and her skin a milky white. She's been on HRT for two years, and she's a lesbian- but without a genital preference. She dresses goth in style when she's trying, and works as a freelance media producer. She has C-cup breasts, thick thighs and a strong core- even if she's got some extra meat on her butt and tummy. She's a hot head, but sensitive. In bed, she's a slutty little switch- much like her partner. Her kinks include various forms of omo, pee play and watersports- including diaper usage- but you'll have to stick around to learn more about her and her sex life.

Kylie is equally strong, but in her own ways. Where Sarah has a short fuse and shorter patience, Kylie prefers to let cooler head prevail. She's a professional music producer and is in a successful electronic music project which she runs from the girls' home studio. She's bisexual, but prefers women, albeit with no genital preference. Her skin isn't quite as pale as Sarah's, but still pretty damn pale.

Where Sarah prefers to step out in leather pants with straps, designer boots, dark eyeliner and black lipstick, Kylie takes on a more street punk aesthetic- ripped jeans, Converse, and plaid. Lots of plaid. She stands about 5'8, 36D breasts and a round little booty, thighs not quite as thick as her girlfriend's but certainly more toned, from her years playing volleyball in high school. She shares a lot of kinks with Sarah, but grew up a bit more sexually repressed, and thus has trouble expressing her sexuality as freely- something that Sarah brings out of her easily. She's got pixie-cut black hair and deep blue eyes, and industrial piercings in her ears. She can look a bit tough- albeit sexy- but under the skin, she's compassionate, for animals, for her friends, and most of all, for her partner.

I hope you enjoy!

Part 1. Setting Off (Tags: Pee, pee drinking, oral sex, holding, cuddling)

Kylie caught herself smiling like an idiot as she watched Sarah talk to her parents about work. She loved to talk about her passions, perhaps a little too much, and Kylie couldn’t help but notice the soft, adorable glow of Sarah’s cheeks as she gushed about her latest project, a marketing package for a rather large car dealership.

No matter what it was, Sarah had a lot to say about it- in part due to her inexplicable desire and capacity to learn everything there was about something she encountered. Kylie had spent many nights in their shared home office, cuddled up in Sarah’s lap as she gushed on and on about work or video games or her latest passion project, haphazardly balancing her laptop on one knee as she pulled up picture after picture that would usually do little to further Kylie’s understanding of the nuances of the Wankel engine, or whatever else had been holding Sarah’s brain captive lately. Not that Kylie could complain- she loved hearing Sarah talk, especially when she tried to explain things to her- she liked a brainy girl.

Sarah had been talking faster than she’d been eating, and her mother politely reminded her to eat the steak her father had grilled for everyone before it got cold. Sarah seemed surprised to see that everyone besides her had almost finished their entree. She shut up and followed suit, but not before meeting Kylie’s gaze and returning her own teasing eyebrow wiggle as the realization that she’d been caught ‘mirin warmed Kylie’s cheeks. She looked down and feigned thirst, drinking perhaps too fast from her glass of iced tea.

“So, when are y’all finally getting married?” Sarah’s mom interjected, seemingly oblivious to the weight of the question. Both girls choked on their respective bites of steak for a second, before regaining composure and meeting the question with a smile.

“When you and dad scrape together the cash to pay for the reception. We’re fine waiting.”

“Us? Honey, you two make more than enough to support yourself without even breaking a sweat.” She wasn’t wrong. Kylie was a musician, the ringleader of an electronic music project that made enough from merch and record sales to afford Kylie a quite comfy life by herself- Sarah’s advertising and videography expertise and odd assortment of bits, bobs and jobs only added to the girls’ cashflow.

“You’re right, but consider we aren’t ready for that step yet!” Sarah said before taking her own swig of the iced tea.

Despite the girls’ relationship going almost three years strong, marriage had been a rare topic. The girls supposed they were just too busy living their life to think about taking the next big step- actually, the thought of another big event where she had to interact with crowds of people and make sure everyone was enjoying themselves made her head spin- it reminded her of volunteering during college.

The steak lunch was the cap to the final day of a week long trip to visit Sarah’s parents in southern Oregon. Sarah’s parents were rather traditional, and while they had done their best to be accepting of her transition and lesbian relationship, cracks showed when spending any real amount of time around the older couple- from probing questions about the girls’ sex life to Sarah’s father accidentally calling her by her deadname. Sarah loved her parents dearly, but she was ready to get back to Palm Desert.

As everyone sat around the table on the back porch, sipping final glasses of tea and tidying clean-licked plates, Sarah shot a loot at Kylie that indicated it was time to start wrapping up the trip. The girls helped clean the dishes, then excused themselves to Sarah’s childhood bedroom to take a nap before setting off homebound. The girls planned to drive straight through the night, to dodge some traffic and heat. The two squeezed into the rather small attached bathroom to get ready for bed.

“You sure you’re good to drive all night? I don’t mind taking a shift,” Kylie said as she squeezed a dot of toothpaste onto her brush from the little travel-sized tube the girls picked up at Target the night before their trip, struggling to get an adequate amount out of the very end of the spent tube.

“Yes, hon, I’m sure,” Sarah said in her self-assured voice that found her most times she was questioned. “Besides, you can't drive stick. The last thing we need is to end up stranded in NorCal with a toasted clutch. Hey, leave some for me,” she interjected as she noticed Kylie using the very last of the toothpaste.

“It’s fine, just borrow some from your ‘rents.” Kylie mumbled through a mouth of toothpaste.

“Eh, I’ll do it when we get up,” Sarah said, stretching and yawning before wrapping her arms around Kylie from behind. She had only just placed a gentle kiss on Kylie’s neck and given her a squeeze around the waist before the pressure of Kylie’s hips against her abdomen reminded her how full of pee she was. Kylie turned to kiss her, but only got a quick peck before Sarah whispered “hold that thought” and retreated to the toilet in the corner of the room.

As much as she loved to hold, she didn’t quite fancy having an accident that would have to be left for her mother to clean up- so Sarah would act her age and use the toilet. She unbuttoned her black denim shorts and slid them down in one stride along with her cotton boyshort panties- letting free her girlcock and giving Kylie an excellent full frontal view as she proceeded to pull off her top and sports bra as well, letting her natural-grown C-cup breasts jiggle as they fell from their fabric prison.

Kylie licked her lips and raised an eyebrow- a shiver of desire running down her spine.

“Easy, tiger, I’m just getting comfy for our nap. Save the fun for when we get back,” Sarah whispered perhaps a little sexier than was necessary as she sat down on the toilet and let go, fully aware that she had an audience who couldn’t get enough of it. Hm, perhaps she was spreading her legs a little more than normal- and Kylie got a clear view of her stream as she liberated the embarrassingly high number of iced teas she’d drank over the course of the morning and early afternoon from her bladder, her pee a little darker than her usual clear. Her flow was steady and made a very satisfying noise as it streamed into the water in the toilet, almost as satisfying as the feeling of letting it all go.

Sarah’s stream remained steady and strong for nearly a minute before starting to taper off, and when it stopped, she stood, pulled up her panties and kicked the shorts across the room where the girls’ dirty laundry bag waited. A little dark splotch formed in the front of her grey cotton panties as some extraneous drops found their way out of her. She reached to flush, but Kylie called for her to wait.

“No sense wasting water when I have to go anyway,” she said with a now extremely seductive undertone to her voice. Sarah felt her cock twitch a little, and let go of the handle.

“By all means,” and she sat on the floor in front of the toilet. Kylie pulled her jeans and panties completely off, and then sat on the toilet, legs even more spread than Sarah’s.

“Come here!” she commanded, and Sarah shifted off her butt and onto her knees, leaning forward and kissing her inner thighs, sending a shiver through Kylie that ripped away whatever desire she had to make Sarah wait. With her pussy inches from Sarah’s face, she let go. The trickle burbled forward just a little bit, splashing against Sarah’s cheek a little before slowing and starting to just fall into the toilet, the clearer liquid of the better hydrated girl mixing with her partner’s in the bowl below. Sarah’s damp cheek pressed against Kylie’s left thigh as she turned her mouth to face the sitting girl’s crotch, and stuck out her tongue, catching small amounts of her pee in her mouth with each pass at her clit.

Sarah felt herself getting more and more turned on, the hot and slightly salty taste of her girlfriend’s pee fresh in her mouth even after each small swallow, and her girlcock starting to swell in her panties.

Both girls were rather surprised by the bold, sexy act- they had drank each others’ piss before, but it wasn’t a very common type of play- they really had to be in the mood. Now, not only was Sarah giving head while drinking from the tap, she was doing it in her childhood bathroom- the same room she spent six years getting ready for middle and high school in days past.

Each prod at Kylie’s clit was met with a little bit of a spasm, and as a consequence, Sarah’s face, hair and breasts were now various degrees of damp. As her stream started to slow, Kylie felt Sarah go for one final suck on her clit- something that elicited a sharp ah from Kylie as she accidentally pushed a hot stream of pee especially hard out of her, filling Sarah’s mouth as she let go of the now empty girl’s clit and sending clear pee dribbling out of her very surprised girlfriend’s mouth.

The two set to cleaning the bathroom, packing their toiletries and eventually settled into the double bed for what would be the last time on this trip, somewhere around 3PM. Freshly showered and bare naked, the two snuggled close, Sarah’s legs interlocked with Kylie’s and with the soft trans girl’s head tucked inside the curve of her lover’s neck, sound asleep.

The two were woken from their peaceful nap around 8, just before sun would set over Medford, Oregon, by the harsh tone of Sarah’s phone alarm clock. At the protest of her girlfriend, she rollled over, dismisses the alarm and slid her glasss back onto her face. “Morning sweet pea,” she said to Kylie, before turning to see her still face down in the pillow, just the corner of a smile and a shut eyelid visible of her beautiful face.

“You wanna sleep in while I get the car ready, sleepyhead?”

“I love to sleepzzzzz,” Kylie mumbled into the pillow. Sarah planted a gentle kiss on top of her head before rising and starting to dress. She had laid out an outfit before packing her bag back up- a pair of fleecy black leggings, an oversized blue t-shirt and some comfy cotton boyshorts she’d gotten from PINK. She’d forgone a bra for this journey- normally, it helped her feel very secure and feminine, something tracing its roots back to the earliest days of her transition, before the hormones when she just wore sports bras either flat or stuffed with fluffy socks. It had been a good way to feel femme, but one couldn’t exactly call the sensation comfortable on a long drive- especially with the newfound sensitivity that her hormones afforded to her and her cute, C-cup titties.

Trying to move as quietly as she could, Sarah carried their bags to the living room where her dad helped her pack them into the small cargo area of the car they’d driven to Medford- Sarah’s latest project, a ‘97 Nissan 300ZX she had restored in a couple months of weekends. Once the bags had been loaded, Sarah set about checking the oil and drove it up the street to fill it with gas before returning to her parents’ house to wake up Kylie.

When she got back, she was surprised to see through the window that Kylie was up and dressed, talking to Sarah’s mom in the kitchen. Hugs and kisses were exchanged, and just before Sarah dropped the gleaming white Z into reverse, her mom came running out the front door with a plastic grocery bag in one arm and the other waving frantically, as if she was stopping Sarah from pulling into oncoming traffic.

“I almost forgot, I got y’all some sustenance for the ride home. 11 hours isn’t anything to sneeze at. Take breaks, drive safe, love you!” She shouted, dropping the bag into Sarah’s lap and retreating into the house, blowing kisses as she went.

Sarah handed the bag off to Kylie, who took inventory while Sarah piloted the Z towards the southbound ramp, shifting through the sports car’s five gears the way she had a million times before but still managing to elicit a lip bite from her girlfriend every time. The futchy, switchy girl in the passenger seat found something incredibly hot about her femme, glam-gothic girlfriend driving a stick shift.

“Two Red Bulls, two big ass waters and- aw! Candy! How’d she know I like almond Hershey’s?” Kylie gasped as she dug through the plastic bag.

“Come on sweetheart, you really think we don’t talk about you? There isn’t much my mom doesn’t know about you- all of it good, of course,” the goth girl in the driver’s seat teased, winking slyly. She had gotten a lot closer with her mother since coming out as a transgender woman two years before, just before she started her first hormone treatment. Her mom’s occasional social cluelessness aside, she had been a wonderfully supportive mother through everything- even taking Sarah out shopping the next night and buying her a cute dress to wear on her first anniversary date with Kylie- and helped size her daughter for some sexy lingerie for when she and her girlfriend found their way home, tipsy off restaurant-portioned wine and Italian food. All things considered, she felt incredibly lucky to have her mom in her life.

“And you think we don’t talk about you,” Kylie said, hiding her blush by pretending to struggle to pop the top on an orange Red Bull and sticking it in the cup holder closest to Sarah. “Who do you think told her about your unhealthy caffeine hobby?”

Blushing in turn, Sarah put the car in fifth as they reached cruising velocity and took a swig from the energy drink, effortlessly piloting the car toward Palm Desert.

~~Four Hours Later~~

Midnight had struck, and the girls were feeling wide awake, buzzed off the caffeine as the Nissan carried them towards home, reflectors shining on the pavement as it stretched off into the distance. A playlist blending punk, metal, industrial, dance and techno boomed from the aftermarket speakers- a special road trip list the girls had concocted together before setting off for Oregon the week before, containing their favorite earworms.

Sarah had been enjoying the ride, occasionally glancing down at the temperature and oil pressure gauges to make sure her hand-built baby was weathering the miles okay. She had started to feel a bit of pressure in her bladder, but one, that excited her, and two, there wasn’t another rest stop for the better part of an hour. She would be fine, even if her squirms and occasional grasp at her crotch told a different story.

A story that Kylie could read with ease. She looked up from her phone, and sprouted a devilish grin as she watched Sarah squirm, her lip bite telegraphing more than she would have liked about both how soon she’d need to pee and how turned on that made her.

“Everything okay, sweetheart?” Kylie asked, in her patronizing voice reserved specifically for when she knew her girlfriend needed the toilet. She had a bit of pressure herself, but she knew that energy drinks went through Sarah like nothing, and the orange can had been sitting empty in the cup holder for hours. Unsurprisingly, she hadn’t yet dared to open her water.

“I’m fine!” Sarah hissed, a bratty scowl crossing her face before being replaced by one of overwhelming sensation as her girlfriend reached across the center console and teased her slightly bulging crotch with her slender fingers, pressing on the head of her girlcock and then on her bladder.

“You sureeee?”

“Yes, and I can prove it! Gimme that water!”

“Sarah, you don’t have to prove it. We can stop and pee if you like. I know you just finished this car, you probably don’t wanna mess up the seats.”

“They’re leather, it’ll be fine. Besides, I’ll last longer than you.”

“Is that a challenge?” Kylie barely whispered into her partner’s ear while tightening her grip on the tip of her partner’s clit.

Struggling to maintain composure, Sarah affirmed that it was, and took the bottle of water, taking a swig.

Kylie mulled over her proposal for a second, then laid it on her: “if you pee first, you’ve gotta dom me when we get back. I can tell from your face you wanna be a subby little slut when we get home. But if you can’t hold your pee like a good girl, maybe you shouldn’t be fucked like one either.”

Sarah tightened her muscles, coincidentally causing her cock to throb a little in Kylie’s hand. “You’re on. Drink your water.”

*003*2019-10-10 04:40

This was meant to be longer but I decided to split them up into two parts- we will get back to Palm Desert and timeskip a little by the end of the next chapter!

Part 2: Losing The Bet (Tags: Desperation, wetting, holding, handsy stuff, dom/sub, lil bit of pee drinking)

Sarah drove on into the dark, focused hard on the lines, mile markers and tail lights ahead of her. Focused perhaps a little too hard, almost as if she was actively avoiding thinking about her bladder.

Kylie, on the other hand, was fine. She silently graded the state of her need around a 4- comfortably full. She could pee, but she really wanted to win this little challenge that Sarah had rather stupidly taken on. Besides, she thought, it’s not like she’ll last much longer. Sarah took the bet out of spite and bratty playfulness: Kylie suspected that not even Sarah was under the illusion that her pants would stay dry. “Babe,” Kylie said, breaking a content silence in the vintage car’s cockpit; “where you at, you reckon?”

Sarah’s voice cracked as she answered. “E-eight.” Kylie raised her eyebrow as she watched the tip of the tiny tent Sarah was pitching in her leggings grow wet as the desperate girl lost control for just a second, before the stream stopped, leaving a small patch of damp fabric behind. “Okay, mm-maybe nine…” She made this concession innocently and bashfully, convincing Kylie that the leak had been a genuine little accident.

Kylie liked Sarah’s accidents.

She gently reached across the car and traced her finger on the wet spots, using no more force than necessary. Not that it stopped another spurt from escaping the (now beet-red) girl behind the wheel, a spurt that lasted a couple seconds longer than the last.

“Careful,” Kylie warned in that same dominant, “I-know-you-hafta-pee” tone she had used earlier. “More like that and I might decide you officially lose.”

Sarah donned her best pouty face and let loose a sharp, bratty hmph, trying her best to not show just how desperate she was even as she wiggled her butt in the Z’s bucket seat. “We’re getting low on gas hon, I’m gonna pull off soon.”

“Shit, really?” her passenger asked, craning her neck in a fruitless attempt to see the fuel gauge around the bulky edge of the instrument cluster. “This thing must drink gas, we never had to stop this early before, not even in the Mazda.”

She was right. Not even in the pitifully uneconomic rotary did the girls ever stop this soon in the trip. Sarah sent off a silent “thank you” to whichever old Japanese engineer had designed the stupidly obtrusive dashboard of her car back in the 80s, because that design combined with how far forward Kylie had her seat meant that Sarah was the sole occupant that knew the fuel tank was still a quarter full.

In truth, Sarah’s body was screaming for, well, release, but it would settle for a break from the steady vibration that had begun pounding her bulging bladder about two hours ago- normally, the car rode very smoothly, but even the small amount of road feel afforded by the touring suspension was enough to make a girl in Sarah’s state uncomfy.

The car pulled into a well-lit service station and stopped in front of one of the many free pumps. The station was mostly deserted; a couple cars sat at random pumps, and some sleeper cabs were parked around back. With the passenger window cracked, Kylie could hear nothing but the familiar blend of humming fluorescent lights, top 40s radio and passing cars. Sarah cut the engine and pulled the parking brake, then stared at the dash as it went dark. She shivered, trying to focus on the low music emanating from her door speaker instead of the seemingly gallons of piss that seemed to beg for freedom.

Kylie sat too, watching Sarah suffer a little as she bit her lip. “Well, sweetheart, ya gunna pump the gas?” she said, knowing full well that attempting to climb out of the car would result in a complete loss of control.

“N-not here Kylie.. would you please just do it for me?” she stammered out, cracking her own window and looking at Kylie with puppy dog eyes.

“Fine, Essie. You better hold on while we’re here.”

“Hurry then!”

Sarah watched with trepidation as Kylie went through the painstakingly slow process of digging Sarah’s wallet out from her unorganized, oversized purse, digging through what was essentially a big leather tote bag before pulling out the card holder and verifying which card Sarah wanted the gas on. Sarah lost one of her distractions when Kylie opened the passenger door, triggering the stereo to shut off, made worse by the jolt of Kylie slamming the door a little harder than was necessary. The impact led to a little leak, and Sarah barely let a “hey, watch it!” escape as she held on to her pee with every muscle in her body.

“Which number?” Kylie poked her head down to eye level, asking in her own way what octane the new car took.

“Ninety one.. hurry please! Just fill it!”

“Relax sweetheart.”

Sarah heard the telltale beeps of the gas pump, before the video screens on all the pumps started playing one of those stupid ads. Normally Sarah would be irritated by the consumerist bullshit, but this particular ad had her worried about something far removed from capitalism.

“Thirsty? Come in and refresh with one of hundreds of drink options from our new Coke Freestyle machines.” Sarah heard the ad echo through the chorus of about two dozen pumps, and knew what was coming. The plastic narrator harped on about the mixologist opportunities the machine presented before the clickkkk of a soda can rung out, followed by the sound of a fizzy drink being poured into a glass of ice.

Sarah leaked even more as she heard the glass fill, and a pool of standing liquid formed between her thighs as she clamped them shut. She regained composure, but there was no hiding how much she’d just leaked as the puddle soaked into her leggings or ran down her shins to drip onto the rubberized floormat.

Kylie stared at the screen as the tank filled, lost in the thought of something decent to eat as the advertisement described various deli sandwich options. She thought of going inside to grab one, but remembered Sarah’s situation and thought she might be stabbed if she tried to delay her girlfriend’s “potty break” any longer. She glanced down at the low car just in time to see the puddle form between Sarah’s thighs through the window. She felt a tingle of excitement between her own legs, matched by the dull ache of her bladder. She started to fantasize about the play session she’d have with Sarah when they got back, until the metallic clink of the gas pump’s automatic stop made her jump, and release a couple drops of pee into her black lace panties as a consequence of what she’d been thinking about.

Once Kylie climbed back in the car, Sarah wasted no time starting the engine and pulling her seatbelt back on, gingerly placing it across her bulging tummy. She knew she was going to let go, but she didn’t want to do it in such a well lit place- not tonight.

“Hey leaker, gonna give it up yet?”

“I’m fine!” Sarah insisted, but she was very much not fine. As she reached her left leg out to depress the clutch pedal, she felt a sharp pain just above her pubic bone. Kylie saw her wince, and her demeanor went from mischievous to concerned.

“Honey, un-horny for a sec, please don’t hurt yourself. I’m only at like, a five. You know you’re gonna have an accident. Let’s just.. pull around back and park in one of the dark sleeper cab spaces and… you can go potty, okay?”

Sarah hid her face, but nodded. She found it really sexy when Kylie acted all caregiver-ish. And she felt herself get wet in another way at the word “potty”- for whatever reason, no other word in almost a decade of being into omo kink turned her on like the word “potty.” She drove the car in first gear all the way back behind the convenience store part of the station, and shut it off. She nearly punched the power button on the stereo, cutting off the pounding drums of some metal song she would have remembered the name of any other time.

Kylie unbuckled herself, then Sarah, and watched with a crossed leg as Sarah reached into her panties and angled her now soft penis downward between her thighs. Sarah didn’t mind using her dick for sex, but when it came to peeing, she preferred to pee like a woman. She always sat if she had the option, and would make an effort to point her stream down.

Kylie fought her own urges, both to pee and to touch herself, as she watched Sarah’s face go from one of stress and desperation to one of sheer pleasure the second her cock was angled properly between her legs, completely letting go. A proper hisssss was heard as she flooded her panties, trickling noises sounding as the pee pooled wherever in the seat a body of water could form.

“Good girl. Go potty in your pants for me. Let it allllll go.” Kylie whispered directly in Sarah’s ear, sliding a hand between her thighs and meeting a pool of liquid. She pulled her now wet hand back, and up to Sarah’s mouth, where they were sucked to the knuckle.

Kylie gave into her horny desires and slid her dry hand into her own pants, rubbing her clit softly through her underwear, and her other hand diving back into the flooded area between Sarah’s legs, holding her girlfriend’s little cock as she relieved herself.

Sarah knew she would have a lot of cleaning to do when she got back to Palm Desert, but she really couldn’t be made to care. She heard a waterfall of pee running off the seat and onto the floormat as her pants and seat were long overflowed. Her girlcock had gone soft from the pressure of holding, but the sensation of release and her partner’s gentle grasp had led her to start getting stiff again. She went back and forth between looking at her flood, and closing her eyes and enjoying the sensation- until, that is, she looked over and saw her girlfriend with her hands in her panties, mouth agape, her breath hot on Sarah’s neck as she moved closer for a kiss now that she’d been noticed.

Kylie closed her eyes and dove into the kiss, her tongue and spit tangling up with her partner’s, her hand warm as she felt Sarah finish going to the toilet in her panties. When the stream finally stopped, Kylie gripped Sarah’s girlcock and started to gently stroke, eliciting soft moans from her partner as they kissed. Sarah moved to kiss Kylie’s neck and reached across to pull her breasts out the top of her scoop neck tee, lightly pinching her nipples and grasping as much tiddy as she could in her whole hand once they were free.

Kylie pulled back from the kisses, and said through moans “l-let’s get to a rest stop and get you cleaned up.” After one small squeeze, she removed her hand from the girl’s sopping wet leggings.

Sarah pouted at the removal of her partner’s pleasuring hand, and directed one of her own hands down from her girlfriend's chest, instead cupping her comparatively dry crotch. “But what about you? Don’t you have to go, sweetheart?l

Kylie blushed. She loved when Sarah called her that. She quickly regained composure and reassumed her “dom mode”, and said “don’t worry. I have something in mind.” She peed just enough to wet Sarah’s hand through the black cotton of her shorts before stopping her stream. She shivered with pleasure as a mixture of Sarah’s finger on her clit and the warmth spreading to her butt overwhelmed her senses.

“Come on, leak just a little more?”

“Only since you were so good.” She peed again, a little longer this time. She felt her shorts squish when she shifted her weight.

“Now drive. Rest stop. Shower stalls. Now.”

