Omovember 2020: Day 6

Author: PPP

*000*2020-11-07 02:55

$$

###

Day 6: Too busy to take a break Futaba (Persona 5)

###

Futaba Sakura was engrossed in battle. She checked her six as she reloaded. Out of the corner of her eye, she spotted a man armed with an assault rifle enter the ground floor of the building she was in. Futaba heard footsteps coming up the stairs, then her door burst open. In a split second, she spun around and blew the intruder’s brains out with her sniper rifle.

“Ha! Git gud! 360 noscope!”

Futaba laughed as her opponent responded to her taunts with a string of juvenile insults. It was 1:00 in the morning and she was deep into a session of Call of Medals, the biggest first-person shooter there was. She took a moment to check the scoreboards.

“Yup, still on top,” Futaba confirmed. She downed the last of her Mood Wiplash soda, then crumpled the can and tossed it in the trash with the others. She had been playing for a while, and the sweet caffeinated beverage was the main thing keeping her going.

In-game, the klaxon that signalled the end of the match sounded. Futaba knew her team had won before the final score was even announced.

“Fifteen games in a row,” she said to herself. “When will I get a real challenge?”

She cracked open another Mood Wiplash as she waited for the queue to fill for the next match. For whatever reason, the lobby was taking an especially long time to fill.

“C’mon, c’mon, c’mon!” Futaba grumbled. “What’s taking so long?” All the soda she had consumed was starting to affect her. The caffeine was making her edgy, and the liquid itself…

“Dangit,” Futaba sighed as the familiar urge made itself known. She had known this would happen sooner or later.

Well, she thought, at the rate this is going, I should be able to take a bathroom break before-

“Match Start!” the monitor blared.

Or not.

The map she spawned on was a familiar one; an abandoned nuclear testing site. Futaba quickly took up her usual sniping position on an empty missile silo and started picking off the enemies below her. She had racked up an impressive kill streak when she saw a glint on a far-off rooftop. An enemy sniper. She was about to shoot him when he turned and fired, narrowly missing her.

“A sniper duel, huh? I’ll end this quickly!”

A few minutes passed, and Futaba realized her boast might have been premature. Neither player was giving the other an inch as they peaked out from behind cover, trying to find the optimal position.

Whoever he is, this guy’s good, Futaba admitted to herself. Droplets of sweat ran down her forehead, reminding her unpleasantly of the other liquid that was pent up inside her. This is not ideal timing, she mused, fidgeting in her seat. After another tense minute, an opportunity arose. Her foe poked his head out, right into her laser sights. Futaba aimed for the head and pulled the trigger. Unfortunately, in that instant, a spasm ran through her over-full bladder. She fidgeted involuntarily, causing her thumb to nudge the analog stick off-target. Futaba’s shot went wide, but her opponent’s didn’t. She cursed as the dreaded text appeared: YOU DIED.

That’s it! Futaba seethed silently as she waited at the respawn screen. I have to take care of my bladder before it gets me killed again! Getting back into the battle, she went over her options, mentally viewing them as video game-styled objectives

Main Objective: Pee

(Optional) Take a break and run to the bathroom.

That would be easiest, Futaba thought, but the scores are way too close for me to leave for even a minute! And I’m not going to die again just so I can pee! What are my other options?

(Optional) Pee in a bottle

Futaba had done this many times, dubbing it her “emergency maneuver.” It only required her to take one hand off the controller, and she had gotten pretty good at aiming. However, she had recently cleaned out the mountains of trash in her room, and therefore didn’t see an empty bottle anywhere.

Next option!

(Optional) Pee in a soda can

Huh, never tried this before, thought Futaba as she held up one of her empty cans. I guess it’s the same thing as peeing in a bottle in principle. But the opening to this can is really small. I’d probably get pee everywhere. With that thought, she felt a few warm drops leak into her underwear. Agh! I’m at my limit! Is there anything I can do?

(Optional) Wet your pants

“What?” Futaba cried aloud, shocked at herself for even thinking that. I can’t do that; I’ll ruin my shorts! She gasped as she felt another leak. At this rate, they’ll be ruined either way. And there’s no time for a break, or anything to pee in. Looks like I don’t have a choice…

“The things I do for my teammates,” Futaba said to herself. She took a deep breath and let her bladder relax. Urine started dribbling out before turning into a flood that quickly darkened the front of her shorts. Pee pooled up under her butt, which felt kind of gross, but the sensation of letting it all out felt so good. Futaba almost sighed in relief, then she remembered she was still on voice chat. Blushing, she continued wetting herself in silence.

Objective complete!

When at last she was empty, Futaba took a moment to examine the damage. Her panties and shorts were badly stained and completely soaked through, but her chair was still relatively dry.

An acceptable loss, she thought, scoring another headshot. Not long after, the klaxon sounded again. Another victory.

“Nice!” Futaba said to herself before finally logging off. She stood up, stretched, and felt her pee start to dribble down her legs.

New objectives:

Take a shower

Wash your clothes

Will do, thought Futaba.

