Mellow - A Tribute to Gaokao

Author: Psalm23_4

*000*2021-06-09 02:18

I am Chinese but never took the Gaokao (China’s university entrance exam) myself since I opted to study abroad. Nevertheless I feel the need to write something set in its context since this particular exam is a minefield for literature of any kind, including but obviously not limited to omorashi.

PS: Greetings to all fellow Chinese out there, but please note that I would like discussions in this thread, if any, to be kept in English.

“Mellow.”

Lee’s pen, which had been busily scribbling English words on the answer sheet a few moments ago, came to an abrupt halt as she caught sight of this word sitting innocently on the next line, its definition waiting hungrily to be filled in. Not that she did not appreciate a break; her hand took the chance to thrust between her legs for the umpteenth time since the start of the exam, pressing hard against her crotch.

She sighed, but not out of frustration as you would expect someone desperate in an exam to. She knew all too well she was not stuck in a predicament powerless to escape: she could have easily filled in the definition since she knew the answer by heart; also, she could have easily asked for a bathroom break since that was allowed even if it was the most important exam of the year. Yet she opted for neither, at least for the moment. Her sigh was more of one from a worn-out traveler returning to a familiar place than one from a desperate candidate.

Yes, it was Gaokao, and yes, it was English, the last exam on the last day. With only half an hour to go, Lee still had not managed to let that fact sink in. If you tie up your arms and legs with thin ropes that cut right into you, there would be nasty red maggoty marks left on them even long after the ropes are untied. That was how Lee’s mind felt - stiff, tight, and physically aching.

Her mind was not the only part of her body that was aching, obviously. Her bladder had been throbbing relentlessly for the better part of an hour, something that went blatantly out of her plan for those two days that could be broken down into minutes, seconds, milliseconds. She paused her writing temporarily because of the pain, but not because of the pain in her bladder. That throb fished out memories from her mind, fresh as yesterday, and those memories hurt more than her bladder.

For more times than she bothered to care she had, like she did at this moment, sat in a classroom with a bursting bladder, working on a test paper that never seemed to end. It was like some formula; the only variable was the content of the paper. You were never allowed to leave the classroom before class was over, class was never over before you finished your paper, and you could quit expecting to use the bathroom even after class was over, as there were too few of them and the lines were always too long. So there she was, trapped in the formula where her power to escape was diluted by the power to combat the immense pressure in her lower abdomen.

“Mellow.”

@@Lee reluctantly removed her hand from her crotch and resumed her cross-legged position. She shook her head, confused; she did not understand why she stubbornly refused to ask to go to the bathroom, just like she did not understand why she kept failing to stop her mind from wandering down memory lane. The scenes came back as flashbacks: the fear of losing control of one’s bladder that never seemed to go away especially after witnessing once or twice fellow students wetting their pants in class because they could not work out some difficult questions in time, the long poorly-illuminated corridors, the classroom stacked with rows after rows of desks and chairs to its maximum capacity, the piles of test papers on the floor that easily reached up to half a person’s height, how everyone was always running - to the cafeteria, to the dorms, for the sake of saving time, and the lack......the lack of “human”. Yes, the lack of a distinct humanistic touch in a high school packed with people, one of the strictest in the country, and Lee had often wondered whether it was formulaic military discipline that yields incredible exam results each year which draws so many from coming to study there, or vice versa.

@@She was your average student, not failing, but not excelling either. She had had a bit of trouble with her mental health which no one really paid attention to, and about the same time she had had a bit of trouble in English which the teachers took personally. For more than a month she was kept behind after everyone had gone back to their dorms and stayed in the English teachers’ office to go over words and definitions, meaning that her time to use the bathroom was pushed back even further. What stuck out from her memory was the time she was reciting the definition of a word to her teacher when she suddenly felt a leak, a huge leak, enough to soak her panties and dampen the crotch of her blue uniform trousers. Through tremendous effort she managed not to gasp and went over the definition perfectly, before finally allowed to leave. She darted towards the bathroom and let go of the pent-up liquid, somehow managing to stay calm despite the dull roar of emotions inside whose name she did not have the slightest idea.

And that word was “Mellow”.

All of a sudden Lee felt surprisingly calm. This exam room felt like her high school classroom and this paper felt like the ones she had done over and over again. Similarly, this bladder felt like her nemesis that had been straining her, draining her, for years, whose existence she had somehow accepted and may even feel uneasy without. She recrossed her legs in a practiced manner, making sure her urethra was sealed securely, before scribbling down the definition: “Relaxed, calm and happy; to become less extreme; to have a less bitter taste”.

The next minutes went into a strange unreality. Not as an eureka moment, but slowly, gradually, as her pen moved stiffly across the answer sheet, Lee understood the reason behind why she did not raise her hand and ask to use the bathroom. She wanted control. Badly. Over her bladder, over herself, in any classroom, in any exam, over any situation she ended up in, over her fate which she never got to decide before Gaokao, in a way her old high school had dictated her, the only method beside excelling in all subjects with which she was able to demonstrate her potential not only as a student but as a human. The picture of her classmate sitting in a puddle flashed back one last time, and instead of sympathy Lee felt satisfaction, satisfaction that only scoring the highest in the city in this exam may yield.

“Five minutes remaining.”

Lee and felt a tear creep down her cheek. She could hear the crowds outside the window, she could see the twigs on the trees trembling in the breeze, and she could feel a familiar dampness in her crotch which reminded her that she still lost control a bit; but that did not matter. Nothing mattered except for the fact that she had at last succeeded, physically, mentally, and to be separated for these two, academically. She let down a barely audible whimper, pent up in her throat for as long as her urine had been pent up in her bladder.

“Time is up.”

Lee put down her pen. She could hear crowds cheering and cameras flashing outside the window. From the corner of her eye she glanced at the bathroom at the end of the hallway; it was empty, with its doors open and welcoming, waiting for her. She had won the battle over herself. With the last bit of her strength she closed her eyes, attempting to bottle up all her surroundings, her emotions, along with the contents of her bladder, in a space out of the reach of time - and let it mellow.

