Alison's Desperate End to the Hen Night

Author: pguy69

*000*2020-07-04 19:38

Alison had been out on a hen do with her friends,and its fair to say it had been a heavy night. They'd met at 6, and here we were at 3AM. The girls were all absolutely wasted, but they were giddy and they were happy. The club was closing up, so all the girls left and went to a takeaway for food. The queue was crazy, and the girls were all laughing and joking, as they waited for their greasy, late night food. They'd left the club, probably some 20 minutes ago now, and, as the girls started to feel tiredness cutting through the hilarity, Amy, the bride to be, announced that she needed to pee. Some of the other girls laughed at this, but she insisted that she was serious. She'd drunk a lot more than the hens, and all that liquid was making itself known, pressing down, and demanding to be released. She stood up and hobbled over to the member of staff. A teenage lad, currently wrapping a kebab.

"Babe" she shouted, probably too loudly, "is there a there a toilet in here?"

He glanced over to her, and said, "There isn't I'm sorry?"

"You must have a toilet?" she demanded, "its the law isn't it?"

"No" replied the young lad, "its just a takeaway, so there is no law"

Amy felt her need rising, as she started to get agitated, "But I need a piss!" she shouted at him, as the group of hens erupted into laughter,

"Fuck's sake Amy, shut up and cross your legs" shouted out Sara, her maid of honour.

Amy turned to look at her friends, pressing her hand up her tiny little miniskirt, flashing her leopard skin panties, as she pressed her hand into her intimate parts, bending at the knees.

"Sara" she shouted, her tone now changing to one of anger, "I'm not fucking k**ding, I need a piss, I'm fucking bursting here, this little fucker won't let me go", she turned back to the young boy, leaning over, flashing her more than ample cleavage. "Please let me go" she said, fluttering her eyelids, and trying to look sexy. In reality she looked anything but, she was a sweaty drunken mess, slurring her words, as the boy smirked at her.

"We don't have any toilets" he said, slowly, and thoroughly condescendingly. Amy was furious, both his condescending tone, her rising desperation, and the constant denial, was going round in her head.

"I NEED TO FUCKING PISS!!" She shouted, pressing both hands into her crotch, as if to emphasise the point, "I'm a paying customer, and I need the toilet, you need to let me use it now, I know my rights, don't tell me there isn't a staff toilet back there, I'll use that, I don't care, If you don't let me, I'll have to piss on the floor here, I'm not k**ding here, I'm fucking about to piss my knickers!"

The manager had heard this, and come over to help the lad out. Dealing with lairy and loud customers was part of the remit of working a late night takeaway. He was a "I'm sorry love" he said, "We aren't insured to let the public behind the counter, there is a public toilet about half a mile away, just near the main carpark"

"HALF A MILE" she hollered, "HALF A FUCKING MILE! Are you fucking stupid, I'm about to wet myself, please, please let me go, I just want a wee!". Her bottom lip was starting to quiver, like she was about to cry, when Stacy and Karen stood up.

"Come on Amy, we need to go too, come with us", and they ushered her outside.

The other hens weren't sure what the hell was going on, but Alison kinda needed to go herself, the public facility half a mile away was sounding pretty appealing right now, so she led the other girls out to follow.

To her horror, it quickly became apparent that the girls had ducked down a back alley, and Alison could scarcely believe it, surely they weren't popping a squat? She'd heard about some girls doing this on nights out, but there was no way she could ever do that. She considered herself quite a liberal girl, although she'd only ever had 2 boyfriends, neither had ever seen her doing bathroom stuff, it was private! She turned the corner, and the scene was more horrifying than she could ever have imagined. There was a line of about 6 lads, with their cocks in their hands, pissing against the wall, Stacy and Karen were squatted down facing the opposite wall, but their bums clearly on view, and their gushing piss obvious to all, but Amy had her leopard print knickers yanked aside, half squatting in the middle of the path, with the most furious, hissing frothing deluge of female pee gushing from her sweaty vulva.

"OH MY GOD, OH FUCK YESSSSS!" she gasped, "Oh a pee, oh I was desperate, ahhhhhhhhh, I needed this" she continued, whilst making an absolute show of herself. One of the lads finished his wee, and zipped his flies up, slapping Karen's bum as he passed her, whilst a second made a lewd comment to Amy, who didn't seem to care a jot, so ecstatic was she to have found relief.

As the newly relieved girls finished their marathon pee's, the other 4 hens watched on in astonishment.

"Fuck's sake" laughed Jodie, we can't take you lot anywhere, I need a piss too, but there's no way I'm squatting in an alley, come on, lets get home. Alison's own bladder twinged, she could definitely do with a wee herself, but she wasn't bursting. They made their way round to the taxi rank, and were confronted by a huge queue. Sarah pushed her way into the office, and they were told it would be a half an hour wait. The news wasn't great for Alison, who's need seemed to be getting worse almost by the second. She realised though, that they would need 2 taxi's, as her and Jodie lived in 1 direction, while the other 6 were going the other way. After a brief chat, it was decided that Alison would phone her boyfriend to come and pick her and Jodie up.

She called Dave, her boyfriend, twice before he answered, and he seemed very pleased to hear her voice.

"Alison babe" he shouted down the phone, "are you coming home, I can't wait to see you, he dropped his voice to more of a whisper, I can't wait to taste you." They had a very active sex life, which they were both delighted with, and their sex sessions always started with him eating her out. He seemed to love it, and she definitely did, he was very good at it. Her pussy twinged in anticipation, she was definitely horny, and couldn't wait to get home.

"Dave" she said, "the taxi queue is massive, can you pick us up?"

"I've been drinking" came the immediate reply. Her bladder this time sent a distress signal, at the thought of a delay, "hang on though" he added, as the phone went quiet. A few seconds later he came back on, "Craig is just leaving, he'll come and pick you up!". Alison shuddered a little bit. Craig was Dave's pervy mate, and she never felt comfortable around him really, he was always making jokes about the way she looked, and was really pervy about women in general. Right now she just wanted to get home though, so she agree'd and made sure he was OK to drop off Jodie too.

As soon as she hung up the phone Jodie said, "babe, I know how Amy felt in that kebab place, I'm bloody busting for a pee here, how long's he going to be",

"Tell me about it" added Alison, "I'm pretty desperate myself, Dave's had a drink, but Craig is coming for us".

"Fuck's sake" said Jodie, "not that fucking prick, well, whatever, he better get here quickly" she said "because there's no way I'm dropping my knickers in the street like those sluts".

The 2 girls sat on a wall as they waited for Craig, both now with very full bladders, sending urgent distress signals. Alison found herself fidgeting around none stop, and biting her lip as she tried to pretend that her need wasn't that great, but Jodie was much more vocal, she was pressing her hand into her crotch and swearing and moaning pretty none stop. Ten minutes later and she was in a really bad way. She was hobbling around in circles doing a frantic pee pee dance.

"oh my god, oh my god" she gasped, Ali, this is getting silly, I'm seriously going to piss myself, he can't be far away now can he, fuuuck". Ali knew exactly how she felt, she couldn't remember the last time she'd needed a wee so badly. "I know Jode", she said "he better get here quick, I'm bursting myself!"

"Ali, babe, I'm not joking here, I'm seriously worried that I might piss myself, it hurts so much, I know I said earlier that I could never do it, but I'm seriously thinking about squatting behind this wall!"

Alison was mortified by the what she'd heard, although, she had to admit, she had been considering it herself, the way her need was rising, the thought of a 20 minute drive home with her boyfriends pervy mate seemed nigh on impossible.

"Jodie, girls don't wee outside" she muttered, almost beneath her breath, as if she was trying to convince herself!

"I know" gasped Jodie, "but I'm fucking bursting, I've never done it before, but I think I need to, will you stand guard for me, then I'll do the same for you, she didn't even wait for an answer as she dashed behind the garden wall they'd been sitting on.

"Alison, tell me if anyone's coming, it's coming out, I can't wait" she stammered as she hoiked up her skirt, and was tugging almost helplessly at the waist band of her knickers. Alison was dumbstruck by her friends sudden urgency, but her bladder protested, she would have to do the same. She watched Jodie with fascination, having never squatted for a wee before, she wasn't even sure what to do. Jodie yanked her panties down around her knees and dropped into a low squat, piss erupting from her almost immediately,

"OH MY GOD YESSSSSS" she groaned, as her hissing stream spattered out onto the ground beneath her, "Christ I needed this".

Alison was mesmerised, as her bladder screamed at her to find that relief too. She started to unbuckle her belt, in preparation for the most shameful thing she'd ever done, when to her horror, Craig's car came hurtling round the corner. "STOP" she yelled to Jodie, who was still peeing, pretty much full force, "Craig's here"

"WHAT, Oh fuck, fuck, shit, I can't stop it" stammered Jodie, frantically trying to clench off the flow,she held her hands infront of her vagina, trying anything she could to cover herself and save her modesty, as Craig pulled up in front of them! Jodie's stream had slowed to a trickle as she sprung back to her feet, hastily rucking up her knickers, but Craig had seen her, he dropped the window as he shouted, "WAYHAY Jodie, I got a right eyeful there, you dirty bitch, as if you've had a piss in the street!"

Jodie's cheeks blushed cherry red as shame and embarrassment swept over her,

"Craig, stop it" she stammered, "I was bursting",

"I can see that" he said, "Look at the size of the puddle you've made, you pissed a fucking river, you dirty slut, I can't wait to tell the lads about this, fuck me, I got a proper eyeful of Jodie's snatch, it looked great."

Alison wanted to scream. Jodie was mortified, but at least she'd had her wee. Alison's bladder was screaming at her, she was as bursting as she'd ever been in her life, and she just watched her friend drop her knickers and release an absolute waterfall, she'd absolutely decided that she was doing the same, but what could she do now?! There was no way she could go infront of pervy Craig, especially with the way he was talking to Jodie.

"What are you waiting for girls" asked Craig, "Do you want this lift home or what?"

Alison's mind raced, she really needed to have a wee before she got in the car, but as Jodie got into the back seat, she was absolutely out of options, she'd just have to hold it, it was only 20 minutes, she thought, lying to herself that she was a grown adult, and 20 minutes was no time at all to hold your urine! She motioned to follow Jodie, and noticed a huge box sat on the back seat,

"Looks like you're riding shotgun" smiled Craig, opening the passenger door invitingly for her!

She pressed her thighs together, hard, and got in the car, next to pervy Craig. To her horror, he didn't disappoint, and directed his attention to Jodie. He looked at her in the mirror,

"Jodie, Jodie, Jodie" he laughed, "I literally can't believe I got an eyeful of your snatch, I've been dreaming about this day for years"

"Shut up Craig" she snapped back, but he wasn't letting go.

"Do you do that all the time then, piss in the street? I can't believe it, I didn't think girls did that"

"Crrraaaaiiiiiggg" she moaned, "Please just leave it, don't tell anyone about it pleeeasssee".

"Sorry" he said, "I just can't believe it, I mean, I would imagine that some slutty girls would drop their knickers in the street, but not you and Alison here, I thought you were better than that",

"Craaaiiig" moaned Jodie again, doing a little mock cry this time, "please, I was absolutely bursting, like, I've never done it before, but I honestly thought I was going to wet myself, I tried to hold it, but you took ages, and it was really hurting, I didn't want anyone to see, but I really thought it was pop a squat or wet my knickers, I really was that bad!"

"Well, yes" laughed Craig, "You certainly pissed a river, god I wish I'd arrived 2 minutes earlier, did you go too?" he asked Alison.

Alison was screaming inside. She had been about to drop her knickers and squat to pee in public for the first time in her entire life. Her bladder was fit to burst, and the last few minutes of questioning, and listening to Jodie talk about her wee had not helped her one little bit. Her fists were clenched by her sides, and her thighs were pressed tightly together as she tried, desperately, not to show Craig her urgent need. Now he was questioning her.

"No" she said quietly, "No I did not".

"Oh, like fuck you didn't" he teased, poking her in the leg, "I bet you had your pussy on show pissing for England just before I turned up, didn't you?"

"FUCK OFF" she yelped, probably a little bit too aggressively, "I FUCKING DID NOT OK, I have NEVER pissed in public, now just back off!" her bladder screamed at her, as she silently started to panic, but at least her outburst had shut Craig up. A quick glance at her watch told her they were only halfway home, and she involuntarily groaned out loud, without even thinking.

"Are you OK?" asked Jodie from the backseat, but Alison was having a crisis of desperation, she was not OK, and she couldn't get her words out,

"UMPH" she grunted, pressing a hand between her legs. Her entire abdomen throbbed, like she was in labour, as the need to pee intensified yet more.

"Alison babe" gasped Jodie, "Speak to me".

She genuinely thought she was going to wet herself there and then, as she pressed a second hand, hard, into her most intimate area, lifting her bum off the seat, She bounced up and down 3 times before yelling,

"I NEED A WEEEE"

Craig looked at her instantly, she was a picture of pure desperation,

"Holy Fuck" he exclaimed, "You really didn't piss in the street, you still have to go"

"Quick, Craig" yelled Jodie, there, pull into that garage for her, she was bursting before you turned up, we need to get her to the little girls room"

Alison, meanwhile was now shaking with desperation. Everyone now knew what the issue was, and as mortified as that made her, she no longer cared about hiding her need "I have to go so bad" she shouted out, "I'm seriously about 10 seconds from pissing my knickers"

"You'd better not even think about pissing in my car" snapped Craig, "Fuck, this is hot but I don't want my car stinking of your fucking piss!".

She now had both hands pressed between her legs, as she was bouncing around,

"Quick then" she cried, "get me to the toilet!".

Craig swerved violently across the road and onto the forecourt of the garage, stopping right outside the door. "OOOOOH" moaned Alison, "I gotta go soo bad, I've never needed a wee so bad in my entire life" She threw the door open and groaned loudly as she stepped out of the car, immediately dropping into the most unbelievable pee dance, She was bent double, both hands pressed between her legs, absolutely frantic for a pee.

Jodie got out of the back seat, and ran round, putting her arm around her bursting friend.

"Come on babe" she said, "Just a few more seconds, you're so close to the toilet, you can do it, lets go".

Alison looked at her, with a faraway look in her eyes, her bottom lip quivering,

"HELP ME" she said "Its going to come out, I don't think I can stop it".

Jodie ushered her towards the door, as Alison whimpered helplessly.

"Just hold on babe, you're nearly there" she whispered in her ear. Jodie almost dragged poor Alison through the door, there were tears flowing down her face, as she pressed both hands between her legs. She barely knew if she were peeing or not, she had never in her entire life needed to pee so badly.

"Where the fuck are the toilets" Shouted Jodie, to the lone Asian man working the night shift "QUICKLY" she added, as if the urgency of the situation wasn't immediately apparent.

"I am very sorry" said the man behind the counter, "but we have no public facilities, there is a public toilet just about 200 yards around the corner"

Alison groaned, a gutteral groan, like a wild a**l that had just been shot. Her whole body started to convulse. "PLEASE" she groaned, "PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE" She could barely speak, as her bladder screamed and burned and demanded to be emptied. She wailed again, "I can't waaaaaiiiiiitttttt"

The man looked her up and down, "The toilets are just around the corner" he started as Craig now came in. Alison had never felt so helpless. She burst into tears!

"PLEASE" she gasped. She had one hand between her legs, and the other starting to unbuckle her belt. "Its going to come out, help me, anywhere". She was running on the spot, almost bent double.

"Look at her" shouted Jodie, can't you see its an emergency".

Alison started to pull down her jeans.

"Its coming out now" she wailed "I'll have to do it here.

"OK, OK, I let you use staff toilet" said the man, opening the door and inviting her behind the counter. Jodie tried to drag her friend through, but he stopped her in her tracks.

"Just her, security" he said.

"PLEASE" gasped Alison, "It's coming out, please, let me wee". again she started to pull down her jeans, and her knickers were clearly wet!

"Fuck me, the dirty bitch is pissing herself" yelled Craig, as the attendant locked Jodie out and stood staring at Alison behind his counter. He took her arm and led her through the back.

"Toilet" he said, and she could see it.

"FUCK YES" she gasped, pulling down her wet knickers and revealing her tightly clenched ass. She ran for it and threw herself down, exploding the second she did! The door was still open and the Asian man watched her transfixed! "OHHHHH FUCKKKK YESSSSSSSSSSSSS" She gasped as an absolute torrent gushed out of her over filled bladder. She was peeing like a racehorse, feeling relief like she'd never felt before.

"Oh my god" she gasped, "Oh I needed this, ohhhhh fuck a weee, it feels soooo good", her stream went on and on, whilst the Asian man stood there in awe. Her whole body was convulsing as she felt a relief like she'd never felt before. She dropped a hand down to her clit, an could feel an orgasm building.

"Oh fuck, I needed this so bad" she gasped.

She opened her eyes and became VERY aware that the Asian man was still standing in the door, absolutely transfixed and with an obvious bulge in he trousers.

"WHAT THE FUCK" she gasped, slamming her legs closed and pulling her hand away.

"You look like you needed very bad" said the man, still staring intently, "It feels good yes?"

"GET OUT" she yelled.

"This staff toilet" he said, "I supervise public back here"

Alison ripped off some toilet paper and wiped herself, fumbling to pull up her knickers, cringing when she realised how wet they were, when she'd clearly started to lose control in her mad desperate dash. She bent down and pulled them off again, standing up and smoothing down her skirt. She walked towards the man without bothering to flush.

"To be fair, you definitely saved my life" she said, handing him the wet knickers and squeezing his straining erection, "Enjoy yourself, you dirty cunt". She kissed him on the cheek and walked out of the garage feeling overwhelmingly relieved. Craig was a nightmare on the way home, but she didn't even care, the only thing that mattered now was getting back and riding Dave's cock like it had never been ridden before!

