Subterranean Adventures in Desperation

Author: Pee4me2

*000*2023-10-16 06:22

Hello everyone! First time writing for the site, please let me know if anything looks wonky 🙂

Enjoyyyyy

###

“Folks, please bear with us while we deal with a delay on the tracks up ahead. We’re hoping to get the train moving again in just a few minutes.”

I let out a small whimper that got swallowed up by the sounds of the surrounding passengers’ groans at the conductor’s announcement.

“Are you okay?” Tom whispered and I shuddered, partially from the feeling of his breath gently tickling my ear, partly from…well.

“No,” I hissed, squirming again and abruptly slamming my thighs together as a particularly violent wave of desperation swept through me, “No, I am not okay, Tommy, why the fuck would I be?”

He sighed and ran his hands up and down my arms in what he probably thought was a calming gesture—technically it was, but it worked almost too well and I had to squirm away again as I felt my already tenuous grasp on my bladder’s muscles slip that much more.

“Stop,” I whined, “You’re making it worse.”

“Sorry,” he pulled away immediately, wincing.

“I hope you’re enjoying this,” I glared at him, “This is your fucking fault, you know.”

He laughed, “Oh, all my fucking fault? Cause you haven’t been an active participant in anything we’ve done tonight, right?”

“That’s right,” I shoved him gently, hating him and his stupid soft and pretty eyes, his stupid strong arms, his stupid crooked smile that still made me weak in the knees, and especially the stupid way that he was absolutely and 100% correct—I had been forward to this night just as much as he had, maybe even more.

It had been two years since we’d started dating and tonight…well, it wasn’t actually the anniversary itself, but it was the night we’d dedicated to celebrating it, knowing that the days (weeks, really) leading up to tonight would be difficult for us. Between Tom’s longer-than-normal hours that he’d been forced to pull at work and my own crazy schedule going to class and studying for exams, we’d barely had any time to say hi to each other over the past few weeks, let alone enjoy the other’s company.

Tonight (and really, the rest of the weekend) was the night we’d forced ourselves to make time for—the entire past week, I’d forced myself to get any major studying and homework done (which had nearly cost me my sanity) and Tom had asked for the night and the next couple of days off over a month ago and apparently nearly got into a shouting match with his boss when the asshole had almost taken it away from him. 

Hearing about how he’d “damn well near tore the fucking prick’s head off of his shoulders” just to keep our date over dinner had done enough to start getting the blood pooling in my lower stomach, and it had really been a no-brainer for me to down the rest of my wine and water, quickly refill both, and then make sure that I had enough to drink for the rest of the dinner. By the time we’d gotten out, I was feeling an oh so pleasant buzz in a few different senses and had pulled my tall, handsome boyfriend into a relatively quiet and dark alley to press against and kiss him for all he was worth.

“I hope you noticed how much I’ve had to drink tonight,” I’d said between kissing a column all down his neck, “because I’ve got a few plans for us when we get back home.”

He’d let out a small groan and I couldn’t help my grin when I felt his dick start to harden under me, rubbing it just hard enough against my bladder to feel a small jolt at the action.

“Fuck, what are we still doing here then?” He’d panted, and after bringing me up for one more rough kiss, grabbed my hand and dragged me back to his truck. Pressing him against bladder had alerted me to the fact that all the wine and water I’d had for dinner were very much making their way to my bladder by that point, and him practically dragging me to his car had definitely exacerbated that—I hadn’t started leaking by that point, but I knew that the fifteen-ish minute drive home would be enough for me to start to settle into my desperation and give us a great head start for the bedroom.

@@What I hadn’t been planning on (and I guess what Tom hadn’t been planning on either, to be fair) was getting in the truck, eagerly waiting for it to start up, and instead hearing the engine splutter for a bit before finally fucking dying on us. Tom and I had both stared at the dash incredulously for a few seconds before my whispered “you have got to be fucking kidding me” seemed to spur him into action and he quickly took off to look at the engine; he’d been meaning to take the truck in to a shop for what must’ve been months (probably longer) at that point. Even I had started nagging him about it, something I usually never did with him, but he would always wave me off and tell me he’d get around to it “soon” and that in the meantime he’d just need to “tinker” with it (which, from what I could gather, was basically just two steps away from slapping one really big bandaid on the truck). It didn’t take long at all for him to pop back around to look at me, clearly stricken, and ask me to call a tow truck.

“Okay,” I’d grumbled, punching in the number for AAA, “I guess you’re not fucking kidding me.”

The tow truck had come in a blessedly short amount of time, and the guy must’ve taken one look at me in my nice date dress sitting grumpily in the car and Tommy’s panicked face and realized that the night was definitely not going the way we’d wanted it to—he chatted with Tommy for a little bit about the truck and about what our plans were for getting home and then kindly offered to drop us off…at the nearest train station.

Definitely not what either of us had wanted to do, but, whatever…we could make it work. The normally-15-minute drive home would just become a half-hour-train-ride-and-ten-minute-walk trek home; no big deal, I’d just probably be desperate and bursting by the time we stepped foot in the door, which was fine because I’d probably have some residual pee left in me to let out later in the night, especially if I started drinking more on the way there. Maybe I could even pull Tom off into one of the more secluded areas of our neighborhood for some outdoor fun, I’d thought.

Yeah…alright, that could work—I’d just need to turn lemons into…ahem lemonade. No big deal.

…

Except that I hadn’t counted on yet another curveball from the universe in the form of multiple different games between apparently every major sports league in America seemingly getting out at the exact same time and flooding the trains.

Every. Single. Train. Was packed to the brim with rowdy sports fans and even more seemed to flood the roads for one reason or another. Multiple trains were delayed…including the one that Tommy and I were currently on, apparently. We’d been stalled at every single station we’d stopped at for no less than five minutes each time, and now a 30 minute train ride had turned into a 45 minute and then an hour-long train ride. We’d passed the 30 minute mark already and we were barely even halfway to the stop Tommy and I needed to get off at; all of my pleasant buzz from earlier had worn off as soon as we’d gotten onto a very loud, very full train, and my horniness had worn off even earlier. Instead, what was left was panic, pure and simple.

The occasional waves of desperation were quickly ramping up, both in frequency and in urgency, and despite the fact that my dress was pretty flowy, I could still feel my bladder stretching up against the material—not helped by the fact that it also happened to be pressed right up against Tom. Neither of us could move—behind me was the wall of the car and all around us were so many people, it was a wonder none of us had suffocated. The only thing Tom could was try his best not to completely pin me against a wall and with every jostle of the train or nearby body, that was a losing battle. Speaking of…

With a sudden lurch, the train started forward again, startling everybody as well as a spurt out of me. I let out another high-pitched whine at the sensation and frantically rubbed my legs together; I hadn’t leaked heavily, but my panties were now completely damp from the small bit I had leaked and my excitement and sweat earlier and I could tell it wasn’t gonna hold much more.

Sweat was now constantly rolling down my body, pooling in every nook and cranny available, but despite how warm it was, my body felt cold from the panic running through me as I was finally faced with the harsh reality that I probably wasn’t gonna make it home.

The train lurched again as it came to yet another stop and my body responded by sending another leak out of my bladder, this one lasting for a good three seconds before I finally managed to clench my tired muscles closed again. My entire body felt like a live wire, I was so tense. At this point, I’d all but folded in on myself, bent forward at the waist, right leg wrapped around my left leg, hands crammed into my crotch, as the waves stopped being waves altogether and just turned into a single feeling of desperation.

“Babe,” Tom’s voice sounded by my ear, and I realized he’d been trying to get my attention for a while now, “Talk to me.”

Looking up into his eyes, I could see how worried for me he’d become and I felt like crying. Goddamn, I had to fucking pee so fucking bad. It was difficult to think, but for the life of me, I couldn’t remember ever having been this desperate in my entire life before.

“Tom,” I gasped out and I felt as he moved closer to hear me among all the background noise, “I’m not going to make it home.”

“Okay, what do you wanna do?” His voice took on the tone it always took when he was clearly freaking out but was trying not to show it—urgent and with a forced authority he clearly didn’t feel. He was ready to do whatever I needed him to.

“We need to get off at the next stop and find a bathroom, or else I…” I looked up at him and he nodded, clearly not needing me to verbalize just how close I was to a full-blown accident on this fucking train in front of half the goddamn town.

“Okay, yeah, that’s fine. Yeah, now that I think about it, there should definitely be a bathroom at the next stop, we should be fine,” he looked like he was trying to convince himself as much as me, but as yet another dribble forced its way out of me, I was grateful for any reassurance I could get.

My hands were now fully damp, even through my dress. I was too scared of moving my hands to check for the damage but I knew that there was almost definitely a noticeable wet spot that was showing from the front of my dress; my only hope was that people would be too distracted to pay much attention to me, especially with Tom in front of me.

Another whimper escaped me as the pressure in my bladder seemed to build into yet another dribble making its way into my soaked underwear. All I could feel now was the endless pressure that had built up in my bladder, the accumulation of at least an entire bottle of wine and almost as much water, pouring steadily out of my kidneys and into my overfilled bladder. I imagined that it like a balloon, growing larger and larger—would it burst if it got large enough? Was I at that point already? It sure felt like it. It felt like my entire bodily composition at this point was just 70% piss, like I had piss up to my eyeballs at this point, and all I wanted, all I needed, was to just let it out already. Oh God, what I wouldn’t do to just let go, to let it all flow out of me, let it pour out, jet after jet of relief, an absolute waterfall of—

“Eek!” I squealed as another spurt left me, this one long enough that I could actually feel it begin to run through my fingers and down my legs into my socks. I squeezed with every fiber of my being, desperate to clamp off the leak and not completely soak myself in front of all these people like I so desperately wanted to.

With a low moan, I managed to turn off the leak, but it left my already battered muscles feeling like they were literally just hanging on by a thread. I wasn’t gonna last much longer. And honestly, at this point, the relief I knew would come from it felt like enough to make me just let go altogether.

“Chris?” I turned to look up at Tom’s anxious gaze.

“Tom, I…I don’t think I can even make it to the next stop.”

“Babe,” he ran his hands up and down my arms again and I shut my eyes against the motion, not wanting him to stop but still not wanting to give in to my intense desperation just yet either. “I’m so sorry about all this. I wish there was something I could do to—oh my God wait.”

I felt the sudden absence of his warmth and opened my eyes to see him frantically rummaging through all of the pockets on his person.

“What are you—“

“I just remembered—oh my God where is…ah ha!” He pulled a long rag out from the inside of his jacket pocket, one of those Uber absorbent ones you see advertised on TV, and showed it to me triumphantly, like he’d presented me with the cure for cancer. I raised an eyebrow at it then at him.

“Why do you have that in the pocket of the one nice jacket you own?“

“I can’t believe I forgot! I grabbed this out of glove box right before the guy towed the car!”

“Okay…congrats? Why are you—“

“Chris! Babe,” he lowered his voice even more and leaned in again to whisper to me, “you can use this.”

I jerked back and stared at him incredulously. “Use it to do what, exactly?”

He looked around to make sure nobody was listening in on our conversation, then leaned in again. “Babe, I’m saying you should pee on this.”

“Thomas…“

“No, look, I know how it sounds—“

“…Timothy…”

“But just hear me out!”

“…Allard!”

“Chris, what other options do you have right now?”

I kept staring at him, trying to figure out if he genuinely wanted me to piss into a dirty rag in the middle of a busy subway car.

He fixed me with a look that just screamed ‘don’t bullshit me right now’.

“Babe, look at yourself right now. You practically a pretzel, you’ve got both of your hands jammed into your crotch, and there’s piss basically coming out of your eyeballs. Do you really think you’re gonna make it to the next stop?”

The train made another small lurch forward, crept at a snails pace for a few seconds, then lurched to a stop again—barely enough to move us even a foot forward, but definitely enough to send my bladder into emergency mode and have me stamp my feet a few times in the closest approximation I allowed myself to a potty dance given the situation.

Tom was right—I was at my breaking point. I basically had my fingers pressed directly against my weeping urethra and that still wasn’t stopping the pee from seeping out of it. There were small rivulets racing their way down my leg and my entire body was shaking from the effort of keeping it all in; the situation was dire.

“Oh God, okay fine, do it. Quickly, Tom, I’m seriously about burst.”

I was practically vibrating with the complete and overwhelming need to release all of the pent up liquid inside my body, my entire body felt like it was tingling with the urge to just let go and pee, especially down between my legs. I could feel best begin to pool in my cheeks and between my legs again as the telltale signs of arousal spiked through me—even with how humiliating this entire situation was, my body couldn’t seem to help getting turned on at my desperation.

“Hurry,” I breathed out, cheeks flaming. I had no idea what could possibly be taking Tom so long and was about to ask him before I felt something get wrapped around me. Opening my eyes again showed Tom wrapping his jacket around my waist; when I cast him a questioning look he shrugged simply and said, “I thought this might help give a little more privacy, y’know?”

Before I could respond, he tied the arms of the jacket around my waist, not tightly enough that I’d normally feel any discomfort, but at this point, any external pressure on my bladder was enough to make me explode; and sure enough, another burst of warmth ran through me and down my fingers and at this point, I could feel that I was losing the fight. There wasn’t anything else I could do at this point to keep my muscles clenched and hold my pee back. One way or another, it was coming out.

“Oh God,” I gasped, “Tom, please…”

But he was already on top of it—I felt his body practically drape over me just as a hand slid its way down my body and between my legs.

“I need you to unclench a little and let me in, baby,” he murmured in my ear, and I shuddered again as another spike of arousal went through me, unbidden. I forced myself to take as deep a breath as I could manage, used up what little strength I had left in me, and clenched my pelvic floor as much as I could. The constant leak didn’t stop completely, but it did taper off enough that I felt relatively confident I wasn’t about to completely flood my underwear, and my legs finally unwound enough for Tom to slide in his hand.

The rag wasn’t quite enough to disguise the warmth of his hand, and it was that warmth that finally coaxed my bladder into letting go.

“Oh God,” I gasped and pressed myself fully against him, turning my face into my neck to muffle the small grunts and exhales of relief I started to let out immediately.

I tried in vain to just let out little spurts at first so that I wouldn’t completely flood my poor boyfriend’s hand, but the relief washed over me so completely after holding it back for so long, that it became impossible to hold back even a second after finally letting go. My body sagged against his in relief as I felt an absolute waterfall escape my body. I couldn’t help but moan at the feeling of it.

“Ohhhhhh God,” I panted against Tom’s neck subconsciously biting into it to keep myself from letting out more noises that could really only be described as lewd, and somehow pressing myself further into him. “Oh fuck…ohhhh my fucking God, baby, yes, thank you…oh,” I babbled. Without even realizing it, my hips began to jerk against his hand, small but satisfying little movements.

I swear, I didn’t intend to get off on my boyfriend’s hand while peeing into a dirty rag in the middle of a subway car full of people…but with the position his hand was in, his thumb was almost perfectly situated over my clit, and, God, he pushed the rag up so deliciously against it that I really didn’t even need to do anything. That pressure, combined with the pressure that had been bearing down it from my over-sensitive bladder…it’s really not surprising that within a few moments, I was already close to climaxing.

I continued lazily jerking my hips against his hand as I emptied my bladder, and even for a few seconds after I’d finally stopped peeing because of the lingering feeling of relief—God, the relief. I was pretty sure I went cross-eyed from it. The build-up from holding my pee was definitely one of my favorite parts but the relief was what stuck with me longest, the thing that constantly made me wanna hold—it was almost orgasmic on its own. If holding my piss didn’t make cum, releasing it all in one fell swoop almost always did.

Which is why it genuinely took me a while to come back to myself and the situation at hand, and why I almost didn’t stop rubbing against Tom’s hand even when I did.

“Shit baby,” I heard him say roughly, and I shuddered against him again.

“Fuck, I know, I’m sorry,” I finally made to step back away from him and actually get my stupid libido under control, when I felt his hand (the one not holding the rag) grab my arm firmly and all but hold me in place. I was about to ask what he was doing when I finally felt it—a very noticeable bulge pressing up against my stomach. I’d been so wrapped up in my own relief that I hadn’t even paid attention to Tommy—who had apparently also been entirely too wrapped up in my relief.

“Don’t move,” he begged lowly, “Please, I—I promise I wasn’t getting off on your pain or anything, you just—and I-I think my body’s just used to you being desperate or something, but—“

He cut himself off with a ragged gasp when I slid one of my hands down from his shoulder and directly on top of his bulge, rubbing it roughly.

“Oh yeah?” I put my mouth right up next to his ear, “Your body’s just so used to getting off on my desperation, daddy?”

His hips jerked at the term I rarely ever gave him and then again as I slid my hand up and down again on the outside of his jeans, pressing the coarse material against his tip.

“Chris, I’m so fucking close you have no idea, baby,” he panted, pressing the rag more firmly against my cunt and bringing me that much closer to the edge. I slowly gyrated my hips again, dragging my clit up and down the soaked rag and equally soaked underwear and relishing in the warm wetness that came with it. My heart pounded in my ears and I felt another familiar wave begin to rise up in me.

“Me too,” I whimpered, “Fuck, Tommy, I…oh fuck fuck fuck, Tommy—!”

He had managed to move the rag slightly and push his thumb directly into my underwear, swiping gently over my sensitive nub, and I was a goner after that—all it took was a few lazy swipes from him and suddenly my orgasm was overtaking me, almost as strong as the relief that consumed me when I finally released all of my pent-up piss.

I jerked my head away from Tom’s ear and back onto his shoulder, forcibly biting down on it and doing my absolute best to muffle the scream that had wound its way up my throat and was trying to make it out. My eyes screwed shut with the feeling and my legs turned to jello and for the second time, I found myself having to lean heavily against my boyfriend to keep from literally falling to the ground.

The powerful orgasm had also inadvertently made me close my hand around Tommy’s dick and I felt it jerk under my palm as he came almost immediately after me, the tip quivering as jet after jet of cum shot out into his jeans. He grunted quietly in my ear and held me that much more tightly as his body shuddered against mine.

The two of us stayed wrapped up in each other, panting heavily, until we felt the ground lurch underneath us once more and looked up to see that the train had finally started moving again.

“Folks,” came the voice from overhead, “Once again, thank you so much for your patience. It looks like they’ve got the delay all sorted out from the tracks ahead, so we can get moving again. We’ll be arriving at the next station in just a few minutes.”


