Dutch omorashi stories

Author: P. Anonymous

*000*2019-01-12 12:45

Hi everyone!

I'm I guy from the Netherlands who likes to write omorashi stories. Unfortunately, my stories are all in dutch, so I can't post them here. But since this forum has quite some dutch speaking members, I figured I'd post a link to my stories here:

%https://vochtigeverhalen.home.blog/

*004*2019-01-17 18:11

I started translating my first story to English years ago, but I stopped when I was halfway because it was too much work to get every sentence just right, and I felt that, in the mean time, I had written better stories that deserved a translation much more than my first story did.

Knowing how much work it is to make a proper translation, I'm very flattered that someone would be willing to go through the trouble of translating my stories.

If you decide to give it a try, I hope you won't mind if I make some small corrections on the result. (For example, changing "too" into "to" whenever it's not meant as a translation for the dutch word "ook" )

*006*2019-01-19 10:47

Hi Oktobar2014,

I'm glad to hear you like my stories, and that Google Translated doesn't ruin them too much.

I will have a look at the Google Translate results some time to check if I think a manual translation is necessary.

Thank you very much for posting. It's comments like yours that make me want to publish more stories!

*007*2019-12-19 19:48

This year I spent way too few time on writing new omorashi stories, but in the near future I will finally add another dutch story to my site, https://vochtigeverhalen.home.blog/

.

I hope all dutch people here will like it.

