Omovember 2021: Day 2

Author: PPP

*000*2021-11-05 03:48

$$

There's an image for this one that I'll post at the end, contains nudity.

###

Day 2: Peeing while someone watches Neeko (League of Legends)

###

The jungles near Summoner’s Rift were quiet. Normally, noise filled the air as Champions battled it out, hurling weapons and spells at each other. Today, however, it seemed they were taking a break. The jungle was still and silent, save for the occasional bird call. Peace was-

“Pee, pee, Neeko has to peeee!”

The shout broke the silence as a purple-haired girl dashed into a clearing. The chameleon-human hybrid (vastaya was the technical term) looked frantically from side to side before dropping into a squat and pulling her loincloth aside. She let herself relax, and a spurt of urine emerged from her urethra before growing into a steadily flowing stream. Neeko sighed in relief as she watered the grass. “Ooh, that was too close!” she whispered. “Neeko almost splashed her tail.” She closed her eyes and listened to the sound of her stream, a pleasant pitter-patter upon the ground.

Once she was done peeing, Neeko looked around for some leaves to wipe with.

“Leaves of three, leave them be,” she reminded herself, recalling an unfortunate incident with poison ivy. She stood up to search, but then she heard a sharp crack echo through the jungle. Her heart pounding with fear, Neeko called upon her natural chameleon abilities. Within an instant, she turned herself completely invisible, right down to her clothes. Trembling, Neeko kept absolutely still as she heard footsteps approaching.

The bushes at the edge of the clearing parted, revealing the source of the noise: a massive beast, best described as a saber-toothed cougar. The creature raced into the clearing and stopped mere feet from a terrified Neeko. It looked around, then suddenly changed shape. Neeko recognized the new form, a tall, dark-haired woman in a fur bikini. It was Nidalee the huntress, a fierce warrior and one of Neeko’s closest friends. Normally, the chameleon girl would have happily done away with her camouflage. However, there was something off about Nidalee’s demeanor that Neeko couldn’t place. The huntress, normally poised and alert, was glancing frantically from side to side, unable to hold still.

Is something chasing her? Neeko wondered. Neeko better stay hidden.

After one last look over her shoulder, Nidalee breathed a sigh of relief. “Finally,” she whispered. Then, as Neeko watched, the huntress squatted down and removed her lower garments. Neeko felt her face grow hot as she got a glimpse of Nidalee’s most intimate parts.

So hairy, the chameleon girl mused. Wait, is she-

Her question was answered as she saw a golden river gush from between Nidalee’s legs. Blushing harder than ever, Neeko was of two minds. On one hand, she understood that people generally wanted privacy when they were peeing. On the other, watching the huntress empty her bladder was… fascinating, for lack of a better term. Her pee stream was so much stronger than Neeko’s! And the noise was closer to a raging waterfall than a gentle stream.

She must have had to pee so bad! Neeko thought. Her mind made up, she continued to watch as Nidalee peed all over the forest floor.

Eventually, Nidalee’s pee stream was reduced to a trickle. The huntress let out a breathy sigh, then stood back up and readjusted her clothes. The yellow puddle she had produced was massive, and both she and Neeko stared at it wide-eyed.

“Didn’t realize I had that much in me,” Nidalee murmured. She shifted back into cougar form and dashed off.

“Neeko did not either,” the chameleon girl said to herself, turning visible again.

###

Here's the image; the artist is MFUS on Newgrounds.

(And, yes, I did fudge Neeko's invisibility powers a bit.)

$$

Next up: Holding/peeing contest

