The Omorashi Missionary

Author: pinkelpeter

*013*2022-03-29 20:58

Here's Chapter 4 finally. I tried a bit more... interaction 😉. Sam was not always the tough on-a-mission girl she is today. Enjoy 🙂

Chapter 4: The river flows both ways

Let me tell you Denise's story next. One of my all-time favorites. Not only because of the story itself but because Denise and I had quite a bit of fun. But let's start at the beginning.

Some time ago, on a particularly warm Saturday in late May, I signed up to volunteer at a local river. Pick up some trash, spend a day outside. Better than wasting time inside, I guess. It wasn't really bad, not some evil corporation waste water stuff, only some plastic bags and stuff. Of course, I researched this event thoroughly and had some private plans along with collecting trash: As we were going to spend quite some time in the water and that river isn't known for warm water, we all wore wader overalls. The kind used by fishermen, start with a rubber boot and go all the way up to your shoulders. Waterproof, in both directions, if you know what I mean.

So I got there and we put our bags away at some house of the organizers. We were instructed to dress warmly, but not in our finest clothes. And to bring a change of clothes with us. They gave waders to each of us and briefed us on what to do. We should all go get a picker arm and a bag to avoid getting wet. Yeah, we'll see about that. While standing in line, I first met Denise. I knew her from a party, but we didn't talk too much yet. I said hi and she recognized me. We small talked a bit about how it's nice to know someone here and what great weather it was.

I remembered the later hours of that party when I asked a friend about Denise. He said that, as far as he knew, Denise was more interested in "her own kind", as he put it, and that she's always up for weird stuff. He didn't detail that but winked at me. I didn't investigate further back then, but I was getting a bit nervous now. You know, in a positive way, like when you feel you're getting an opportunity you need to seize and start to make plans on how to do it.

Anyway, even if I hadn't met Denise that day, I would have had plans for myself. I chose an outfit that's perfectly suited for getting wet: Over a base layer of red panties and a red bra, I wore black leggings and black track pants. They were warm and had plenty of fabric to catch whatever my bladder will throw at them. Further up, I wore a white tank top (which looks great when it's wet) and a black hoodie over it. I wasn't sure whether my top half would get wet too, but if it did, I wanted to be prepared. Denise wore hot pink track pants (which looked incredible on her) and a black long sleeved top. I didn't see the rest of her outfit yet, so I won't spoil it for you either.

When we all managed to get ourselves into the waders and got our picker arms, we started our journey to the river. When we finally got there, I already regretted wearing warm clothes, as it was warmer than expected that day. But oh well, the water should cool us off. We got into the water and I could see why they gave us overalls instead of only rubber boots. I was standing in the water up to my belly. It was a bit cooler than outside, but not much. The water was surprisingly clear and the river flowed really slowly, so it was going to be an easy task. We all got our bags ready and started searching. It was a broad, but rather shallow river, so we had enough space to spread out and slowly walk around. Of course, I tried to get closer to Denise and talk to her. I also drank some water, of course only because it was warm. No other reason there.

We did our work for some time, Denise and I talked about this and that, nothing special. Finally, I started noticing my bladder. I remembered drinking as much as possible without raising suspicions. Looking back now, nobody would have suspected anything because of drinking, but you know how you can't stop that slight paranoia when you're plotting something mischievous. So I looked around and, without surprise, nobody cared. I was starting to feel my bladder clearly now, so I decided to "start the day". I opened my gates for a second and felt my panties become warm and slightly damp. I immediately stopped the flow to see how much it would be. Hm, not enough to reach my track pants, I thought, it barely reached my leggings. So to be sure, I let it flow a second time. About two seconds now. I could feel it fill my panties and felt a bit wet on the inside of my legs. Yeah, that should be enough for now. I continued my work and talking to Denise as if everything was normal.

After some time, like about two hours, we were informed that it was time to take a break. So we all left the river and sat down next to it to eat and drink. We were explicitly told to drink some water as it was warmer than expected and we don't want to get dehydrated. Of course, I happily obliged. I was talking to Denise during the break. She told me that she regretted her outfit choice because she was already sweating like crazy. I liked that, I imagined how hot she felt underneath her waders and how her panties might already start to feel a bit damp from the sweat. I told her that yes, I did also sweat and was looking forward to get into the water again. Although it wasn't as pleasant with the waders on. Denise chuckled and told me that, had she known how warm it would be, she would have worn a bikini. I chuckled too. Yeah, that would have been nice. We exchanged looks. When break time was over, we started getting back to the river.

"Shit, I wanted to go to the toilet. I forgot", Denise said.

"It's about ten minutes in this direction", an organizer said, pointing towards our starting point.

"Okay. I guess then it can wait until the next break. Thanks", Denise said.

Was she really okay? I started feeling that I might not be the only one who didn't need toilet breaks today. I picked up an extra bottle of water for Denise and put it in the front pocket of my waders. We got back into the water and commented on how nice it was to finally have at least a bit of cooling around us.

We continued our work. After a while, I really noticed my bladder and asked myself how Denise felt. I watched her. Her movements got a bit stiffer and she took great care to stay upright. A clear sign to anyone with an educated eye. I also noticed some drops of sweat on her forehead. I wondered whether it was only from the heat. I took a large sip from my water bottle and told Denise to do the same. Stay hydrated and all. She did, but I could see her getting more uncomfortable from it.

As it only got warmer with time and it was actually hard work, I had to find a way to cool off. So I bowed down to grab a piece of trash and got the sleeve of my hoodie wet up until my shoulder. When I got back up, I told Denise how nice and cool it felt. I told her that I could see her sweating and recommended doing the same. She looked at me, particularly at my wet hoodie sleeve which glistened in the sun, and nodded. She bowed down, making a hushed moaning noise, and soaked both of her black sleeves in the water. When she got up, I saw them glistening even more than mine in the sun. It looked pretty hot. Denise agreed that it felt refreshing.

"Much better. I'm roasting in here. So much about dressing warmly. I'm wearing leggings underneath my pants and a tank top underneath my top. I'm sweating like crazy, especially under my boobs and between my legs. Those waders are worsening it. My panties are already feeling damp from the sweat" Denise said.

I was surprised by her detailed account. Was she trying to make me think about her? Yeah, maybe, who knows. In any case, she managed. I myself started noticing my panties getting sweaty, apart from still being slightly wet from before. I also noticed my bladder becoming more and more full. So I decided to ease the pressure a bit and relaxed. This time, I peed for maybe five seconds. I felt the wetness spread downward and into the backs of my knees. I tucked on my waders to press the wet fabric to my skin. This day was going great until now. It got even better when Denise whispered to me.

"I think I won't make it till next break after all. I should have gone back then", she said. My eyes grew bigger, but I had to hide it. I thought about what to say. I quickly decided that this, indeed, will be my next mission and I will start it right now.

"Yeah, me too. It's ironic how we're standing in a river and have to leave and walk all the way to pee", I said.

"What do you mean?", she asked. Time to be a bit more bold.

"I mean that... you know, when I'm bathing in open water, like lakes or rivers, I almost never leave to pee. I just do. It's quite nice to just let it flow where you are." I said.

"You're not helping. It's starting to get hard to hold. I'm not even sure if I lost a drop already, my panties are so damp from all the sweat." she said, her eyes getting bigger. Not as big as mine though.

"Oh my, are they so wet already?" I said. This was starting to get good.

"Basically drenched. As I said, it's an extra pain with those waders." she said.

"Then you'll have to change later anyway. What's the pain in getting them a bit wetter?" I said.

"You... you mean I should... just pee? But what about those waders?" she said. She was surprised, but also started to get a slight gleam in her eyes that told me she didn't oppose.

"Just wash them off in the river or later in the shower. I'll do that too." I said.

"Oh right, because you already peed in them?" she said. I thought it was time now.

"Yeah. And I'm sweating too. Not too much difference. I'm gonna clean up in the shower later." I said. Denise was starting to look adventurous.

"Okay, I'll try it." She stood there for a while. "I can't. It's not coming out. I didn't think it was going to be that hard." she said.

"Just relax. It may take a while. Imagine you're just wearing a bikini." I said. She closed her eyes and concentrated on relaxing.

"Nope. Nothing. Even though I have to go like crazy now. What should I do?" she said.

"Try pressing and relaxing, repeatedly." I said. I watched her move her hips slightly. After some tries, she gasped and opened her mouth.

"Oh my god! It's working!" she said. A bit too loud. Some people turned around towards us. Denise blushed and looked at me. When the others looked away again, Denise walked towards me.

"I'm peeing now!" she whispered.

"Me too!" I whispered. She chuckled. I peed for like twenty seconds or more, I lost my track of time a bit. When I was done, my panties and most of my legs felt completely drenched. I could even feel my socks being wet and some pee pooled inside the rubber boots. I told Denise that I'm done now.

"Wait, almost..." she said. She pushed her hips one last time. "Now I'm done. Wow." she said.

We talked a bit how nice it is and how good it felt to pee without anyone around knowing. Denise was standing closer to me now and we exchanged some looks. I knew this kind of look. I was curious what the rest of the day may bring. After a bit of talking, we were told it was time for another break now. When we got out, we sat next to each other, of course. I told Denise that I could go again already. Denise smiled.

"Me too! Should we..." she whispered. I nodded. Of course. So we slowly peed again while sitting there in the grass. Again, without anyone knowing. And we told each other when we were done, again. At the end of the break, the organizer asked if anyone needed to use the toilet before continuing. We looked at each other, smiled, and shook our heads. So we got back into the water.

"I'm still way too warm. My pants are starting to cool off a bit, which is nice, but my upper half is burning. I'll get my sleeves wet again" she said.

"Yeah, me too. Wait, I have a better idea. Play along." I said. Denise looked at me surprised. She watched me carefully. I walked towards her, pretended to slip on a stone, shrieked, fell down, grabbed her hand and took her with me. Splash!

My waders filled with water. I could feel my hoodie and track pants slowly soaking up the water. When we got up again, everyone turned around towards us. Some chuckled a bit. An organizer asked if we were all right. Yeah, of course. He told us that we could clean up ourselves back at their house later. We laughed a bit and continued our work. When everyone minded their own business again, I looked at her.

"That's better, right? You're looking great in that wet long sleeve, you know." I said. She did. It dripped a bit and stuck to her. That deep, shiny black fitted her perfectly.

"Yeah, thanks. And you too. You're doing this more often?" she said. I guess she's suspecting something.

"Maybe... Let's just say I like to cool off when it's getting too hot." I winked at her. She blushed again and smiled.

We continued our work a bit more, although we were getting less and less focused on our work and more on each other. Oh well, most of the trash is collected anyways. When the organizer said it was time to end the day, the river was completely clean. Good work, thanks everyone, he said. We then left the river and started our walk back to the house where we left out bags. Denise and I walked together, periodically exchanging looks and accidentally bumping into each other. We felt like teenagers on a field trip, trying to get away from the group to secretly exchange some kisses and fondle each other. When we got there, we waited outside. Most of the others just changed out of the waders and left, some took a shower and left afterwards. Denise and I shared a cigarette to pass the waiting time, still in our wet clothes. Finally, we went inside and got to the showers. Awesome, they even had lockable doors and private showers. Of course, we decided to share one.

So we were standing there, still in our waders, and were too nervous to do anything. I turned the shower on. The water had the perfect temperature and the shower head was creating an almost waterfall-like stream. We both got under the shower and waited, just looking at each other. We started getting our waders off. Denise exposed the whole of her black long sleeved top. It looked even better now. Her flat belly was caressed by the shiny black fabric. My hoodie was sticking to myself, feeling heavy as it got wetter. When we took the legs of our waders off, I could finally see Denise's hot pink track pants. They looked absolutely stunning now, having an even darker shade of pink, and turned slightly transparent to reveal her black leggings underneath. My track pants glistened and hung from my hips, feeling as heavy as my hoodie.

Denise started undressing her top to reveal a grey tank top. It went dark gray and stuck to her like a second skin. I could see her naked belly a bit when she undressed, until she pulled her tank top down again. She wanted this to last as much as I did, I thought. So I started undressing my hoodie. As expected, my white tank top basically disappeared, it gave Denise a clear view on my red bra underneath. She looked at me and gasped.

"You look amazing, Sam. So sexy..." she said. We exchanged even more wanting looks. Denise started undressing her track pants and let them fall to the ground with a loud flop. Her grey leggings underneath had the same color as her top. I did the same to reveal my black leggings. I felt my hand move towards her as if it was guided by someone else. I touched her hip. She touched my hips too and slowly caressed them. I slowly pulled her towards me. When our bodies touched with that unmistakable sound of two wet clothed bodies hitting each other, we both moaned. Our faces were inches apart. I looked deep inside her eyes and saw fire. I tilted my head and moved my lips towards hers. We exploded. I thought I was feeling hot back at the river, that was nothing. I caressed her wet butt while we danced a slow tongue tango and rubbed our wet bodies against each other. When we finished, we both needed a few seconds to get back to reality.

"I... I don't know what to say. And I have to pee again" Denise said. She wanted to continue.

"Be my guest." I said. Denise came towards me again and wrapped her leg around mine.

"I'm going to pee on you now." she said. I gasped. After some seconds, I felt my leg get warm. I gasped again, Denise moaned a bit. When she was done, she rubbed her crotch against my leg a bit. I felt my panties get sticky now and I could only imagine what she felt. I grabbed her hand and slowly shoved it inside my leggings. I felt her hand grab my panties and caress my crotch. I peed as much as I could and moved myself on her hand.

I grabbed onto her butt again and worked my hand up to the seam of her tank top. When I was done peeing and she removed her hand, I slowly pulled her top up to reveal more and more of her body. When I reached her grey bra, I stopped and caressed her breasts through the bra. I removed the rest of the top and wrung it out over my body. Denise did the same to me, pulling me towards herself when she was done with my top. I grabbed her butt and then her leggings, pulling them down. They stuck to her like a second skin, so I had to pull hard. I revealed her grey panties and pressed my face into them while I pulled her leggings down. I got back up.

"You like the color gray, don't you?" I asked.

"I didn't plan on getting wet or showing myself to anyone today, but I guess I made a good choice." she said. Finally, she pulled my leggings down too and revealed my red panties. We were now both standing there in our underwear, holding each other, dripping wet. We pulled each other towards ourselves. When our bodies touched, our wet panties met their designated partners, we moaned again. We both knew: We had to get out of this shower and somewhere private as soon as possible.

We quickly undressed our bras and marveled at our breasts. I was never very fond of mine, but Denise made me feel like they were the most perfect ones in existence. But I felt about hers the same way. When we undressed our panties, we had to really restrain ourselves from each other to somehow get finished and leave. We quickly dried ourselves off, put our clothes in a bag (yeah, we shared one) and got dressed in our spare clothes. We waved the organizers goodbye, went to our cars and drove to my place as quickly as the speed limit allowed.

- To be continued -

*014*2022-04-11 19:25

Finally I continued the last part. And I even incorporated @Joy999's wish in it. I hope you like it. Enjoy 🙂

Chapter 5: Scared and sexy

During the drive, I tried my best to concentrate on the road. Luckily it wasn't very far and we arrived safely and got into my apartment. I was so glad to live alone, an unplanned invitation like this would be kind of hard to explain. Oh, she's a friend. No, we don't have time for a drink. No, don't open my door for the next few hours. Much easier this way. Denise looked around and said the usual stuff about the rooms being nice but I could tell she wasn't interested in the rooms.

When we got to the kitchen, that magical gateway room where you hang around when you don't have anything to do and meet cool people at parties, we finally had time to fully inspect each other. The fire we felt earlier receded a bit thanks to the drive, now it was more like a cozy fireplace than fierce spurts of flame. Yeah, not only spurts of flame. We were a bit shy actually, like teenagers on their first date who know they want each other but don't know what to do. Like every good teenager would, I took her hand.

"Now we're here. So tell me. It didn't take much persuasion to make you pee. How come?" I said. Denise's eyes lightened up like someone finally asked her about an obscure hobby and she was happy to share everything and anything she knows about it.

"It wasn't the first time I peed my pants, I guess that's obvious. Every now and then, I had some fun..." Denise said, seemingly waiting for my reaction. I nodded and smiled, I was genuinely interested in her story.

"Some time ago, like four years I guess, I had a first experience. I never told anyone actually, I thought people would find it weird." she said. I smiled again. I love weird.

"So I was at this fair with some friends. It was getting dark and we already had a few drinks. And Clay, a friend of us... I had a crush on him back then, but never mind. He said we should go to that haunted house attraction, if we dared. Of course I wanted to impress him and show him how much of a bad girl I am, even though I was pretty easily scared. You can guess, the beer and hormones won and so we followed him. I wasn't paying attention to my slowly filling bladder, of course." I was hanging on her lips, feeling like I'm reading a fan fiction. This was going to be great.

"I paid close attention to being close to him. Even going ahead a bit to act tough. The first few things, some cheap jump scares and dollar-store zombies, weren't anything near scary. I laughed it off and we had great fun actually. This went on for a while. After some time, we got to a seemingly empty room, completely pitch black. We looked around a bit and tried to orient. I felt something touch my arm. Thinking it was Clay trying to scare me, I stood still and pretended I didn't notice it.

Then I felt something on my foot, softly grabbing my ankle. That's weird, I thought, how would he do that. Then my other ankle. Then my other arm. I was starting to become pretty nervous now. Everything was still completely silent though. Then I felt a thin, hard object, like a stick, slowly go down my back. It gave me shivers. I only managed to say something like "Uhm." The touches were getting firmer. Not hurting in any way, but obviously grabs now and not just touches. Then, it happened." She looked at me and did a dramatic pause. I could totally see why she was scared. I was even getting goosebumps myself a bit.

"A metallic blam. That sound when big lights turn on. And the lights turned on. I had to get used to the sudden brightness for a moment. Then I looked around. The walls were decorated with symbols written in blood. Well, red color I guess." She smiled. I smiled. "I looked around and down. There were zombies hanging on to my arms and legs, making gurgling sounds and looking at me. The makeup and clothes of them were really top notch, they looked so real in the moment. I inhaled deeply and before I could even scream, the lights turned off again. Then all the zombies in the room, my friends got the same treatment, simultaneously shrieked and gurgled again. After that, bright red light turned on and the shrieking continued. I was never scared like this in my life. It felt so real at the moment. So I..." she paused.

"You peed yourself?" I asked?

"Yeah. But peed is too soft of a word. Excuse my french, I pissed myself. Completely. My body apparently thought this was a valid fight-or-flight reaction. Like a pee-propelled jet pack that got me to safety. I pissed hard. I could feel it go down my pants, my panties weren't even a bit of an obstruction. I screamed equally hard. I couldn't move, paralyzed by fear. All I could do was watch my bladder empty itself forcefully and wait for it to be over. When I was empty, I also had no more air to scream.

Suddenly, all the zombies in the room loosened their grips and slowly crawled backwards towards the room's walls. A door appeared, lit by white light instead of red. Instinctively, we all tried to ran there. Finally, I could move again. I fled towards the white door as quickly as I could to get out of here. When I passed the door, I was standing in a brightly lit room and saw a flash. I looked around. Some people in uniforms and a guy with a camera. I got back to reality again. The haunted house tour was over now."

She took a second to drink some water. I was starting to feel aroused again by her story. I looked at her expectantly. What next?

"I needed some time to catch my breath again. Realize where I was. Oh, the haunted house. Oh, the fair. Oh, my crush. Oh shit, I peed myself. I probably lost all color in my face when I realized this. I looked down. I wore knee-length hot pink capris on that day. There probably isn't a worse outfit to wet. Of course, it was in-your-face visible. I looked around. My friend Amy was crying a bit. Wow, she peed herself too. You could clearly see it on her jeans. At least I was not the only one, I thought. Our group walked towards the exit. Everyone of us got a copy of the photo that was taken, I quickly put it in my pocket. Luckily it was already dark outside by then.

We gathered a bit farther away. I was still wearing a sweat jacket, so I quickly undressed it and tied it around my waist. Now at least others wouldn't see it. We quickly concluded that this was a bit too much, but yeah, it was a bit our fault to try it. It was getting late anyway, so I told the others I would leave for now. I lived like fifteen minutes by foot from the fair, so of course I walked. When the sounds of the fair disappeared, the silence allowed me to finally reflect on what happened. I realized it was unbelievably humiliating, with my crush and all, but the peeing itself wasn't really... I don't know what I expected. Gross, I guess? Uncomfortable? With every step, I felt my wet pants on my legs and my panties against my lady parts. The more I thought about that liberating feeling of emptying myself completely, even though I was still wearing pants, the more I felt aroused. I was surprised by myself. How could I like this? It's wrong, I thought. But it felt so right."

She drank again. I was catching myself drifting off into her story. I was reminded of myself when I first found out. I was starting to feel sticky again. Her story was almost as hot as herself. She continued.

"When I arrived home, I went straight to the bathroom. You know, I often do that, but this time it was already too late. So I stood there and looked at myself in the mirror. You couldn't see my pants under the jacket, so I untied it. I inspected my pants thoroughly. Between my legs, the pink turned dark, almost like my track pants did today. I put my hands in my crotch and felt it. The wet fabric felt interesting and somehow erotic, both on my hands and ahem, from the inside.

I felt my bladder again now. I walked towards the toilet and opened my belt. I stopped, thinking about that feeling. Curiosity won and I closed the belt again. I slowly sat down with my pants still on. It felt so weird, but also so exciting. I needed some time to pee as my body was clearly not fleeing at the moment, but I managed. This time, I could fully concentrate on the feeling of my panties slowly filling up with pee, then my pants, then some drops into the toilet bowl. I stopped. I wanted to feel it even more.

So I got over to the shower and stepped in it. I opened my belt and my pants and put my hand inside. I could see my black panties glisten a bit, they were completely drenched. Now I peed again and slowly massaged myself. It felt so amazing, I couldn't believe it. When I was empty, there wasn't a dry spot on my pants below the crotch. I quickly decided to wash them right away, so I turned the shower on. I only then realized I was still wearing a black tank top, but it didn't matter now anyway. I soaked myself completely, touched myself through my wet clothes.

I could now see that my pants turned ever so slightly transparent and my panties were shining through. I undressed my pants, now wearing only a tank top and my panties. I cupped my crotch and pushed again. I only managed to get a small amount out. I wanted to look at myself now, so I turned the shower off and just went out. I was dripping everywhere, but I didn't care. I really liked myself in that shiny black tank top and panties. I turned around a bit and posed for myself. When I was done, I undressed and threw the wet clothes into the bath tub to deal with them later. So yeah, that's the story of my first wetting. It wouldn't be the last, but that's for another time. I have to stop now as I have to pee again."

That last sentence. I couldn't believe it. Was she teasing me? I felt my bladder now too.

"That was a fantastic story. And pretty erotic. And I have to pee too. So what should we do about that?" I asked. I had trouble speaking longer sentences as my thoughts were inside this woman's pants and not in my speech area.

"You know, we could go to the toilet. But we don't have to..." she winked. "We could continue where we left off with new clothes and newly-filled bladders."

I looked at her. Her outfit choice almost made me drool. She wore black leggings with a pink waistband and a red long sleeved sport shirt. When we quickly dressed after our shower, I caught a glimpse of her underneaths. She chose white panties and a red sports bra. I was getting more excited by the minute. I was wearing jeans, a black tank top and plain black underwear. I hoped it wouldn't be boring for her, but she seemed as excited as I was. I walked towards her and held her hips.

"So, how much do you have to go yet?" I asked sensually.

"Pretty much. And my panties are already a bit wet, but not from pee." she said. I grabbed her and pulled her towards me.

"Mine too. Your story was just too hot. What do you think, should we add some wetness to it?" I let go of her again.

"Let's both pee for three seconds sharp and see where it shows up more" she said. So we did. I pushed a bit and felt liquid shoot out of me. My panties were quickly feeling wetter and a patch appeared on my jeans. I looked at her. Her crotch glistened a bit and some streaks formed down her legs. When the three seconds passed, we stopped.

"I won!" I said. It showed up way more on my jeans.

"Wait till you see my panties!" she said. My eyes grew big. She slowly grabbed the waistband of her leggings and pulled them down a bit to expose her panties. Between her legs, they had an obvious wet patch. I couldn't believe my eyes. I could see her full beauty underneath, the wet fabric clinging to her skin without any intention of concealment. I crouched down in front of her to take a closer look. When I watched her, she pushed again. I could see a stream flow out of her panties into her leggings below. It looked like a piece of art. I couldn't help but touch her with my hands, cupping the stream and making it overflow my hands. She moaned when I massaged her. When she was done, I pulled her leggings up again and rubbed her crotch again. I could feel the wetness even though I couldn't see it very much on the black fabric. Suddenly, she took a seat on one of the chairs.

"Sit on my lap." she commanded. "Face to face."

I was shocked. But even more aroused by her dominance. I obliged right away, spreading my legs and sitting on her wet leggings with my wet jeans.

"Now make me dirty. Pee on me. Drench me." she said. I moaned. I rubbed myself against her and pushed on my bladder. When my pee reached her pants after it soaked my jeans even more, she moaned too.

"Fuck yes! This feels so incredible! Don't stop! Piss on me, my goddess!" she moaned. I kissed her and grabbed her boobs. Sadly, I was empty now. I got up and undressed my jeans. My soaked panties glistened and stuck to my skin. I rubbed myself. Yeah, clearly not only pee there. She got up and grabbed me again. I reached down and undressed her leggings. Finally, we could touch our wet panties again and rub against each other. In every small moment between seemingly endless french kisses, we tried to undress our tops and bras. Finally, we were only wearing panties and rubbed our boobs against each other.

"You ever did the scissors thing?" she asked. I blushed a bit.

"I guess it'll be my first time." I whispered.

The rest of our story is private. Denise and I shared countless amazing and sexy times together. We never fell for each other romantically, but that didn't stop us from anything. Maybe someday I'll tell one or two other stories of her. That's all for now. I think I'm gonna excuse myself now and think about her with my hands.

*016*2022-06-14 10:31

At long last, another chapter. It took way too long, but I was too occupied with work. It's split into two sub-chapters, the second one is planned out but still needs to be written. Have fun 🙂

Chapter 6: Running up that hill

With Emily, my omo-senses were always tingling. I felt that she only needed slight persuasion, permission. So I crafted a situation where it would be easier. A bike tour. 20 kilometers, uphill, downhill, some stops and the final destination of a local swimming pond. No hidden agenda, absolutely not. You know me.

Emily was a big mountain biking fan, so I knew she would join me. I shared the route with her and we met at 9 AM to have the whole day to ourselves. It was a hot day in July. A good portion of the route was through a forest, so at least it would be a bit shady. When we met, Emily was already excited for the day. She wore olive cargo pants, a matching olive long sleeved shirt and a black and red helmet. If everything worked out as I anticipated, this would be a dream. I wore black cargo shorts and a black tank top. Over and under it, panties, bra and jacket, hot pink. Don't blame me, I like hot pink. My helmet was solid black and I was a bit jealous of Emily's helmet. I bought a black-pink one shortly after.

"I see you still have that crusty old bike from before the war, Sam? What was it again, three speed?", Emily mocked me. She wasn't only a bike fan, but a bike nerd. Her shiny new bike was probably worth more than my car and she knew every single bolt, chain link and bowden cable on it.

"Yeah, spare me. No matter the bike, I'll still be faster than you." I said. I knew that wasn't true, not a chance, but Emily likes to be challenged. It worked. The gleam in her eyes screamed to finally get on our bikes and start. So we did. The first few kilometers were uneventful and meant to warm us up. Enough time to tell you a bit about Emily.

You may already be able to tell that Emily is athletic. To add to that, she's really pretty, at least in my opinion. Long brown hair, braided most of the time. Blue-green eyes. A cute little nose. What I always wondered at was that Emily never seemed to have a boyfriend. It wasn't her lack of looks or personality, that's for sure. Some guys tried, but Emily wasn't really interested. Plus, and that piqued my interest even more, she was notorious for having close calls. Yeah, the close calls you think about. In the past year alone, I witnessed like 10 occasions where she was jumping up and down, pressing her legs together and running for the toilet. Of course, I always suspected that there was something more than poor planning to it. Most of the times she made it, but on two occasions she ran to her apartment when we said goodbye, so I don't know what happened after. My imagination ran wild of course, but I never had the courage to directly ask her about it.

Back to the tour. We drove the first five kilometers and took our first break. It's not much, but the first few kilometers are the worst and it was hot. I was already sweating under my jacket and on my legs. I spotted some beads of sweat on Emily's forehead, so she probably felt the same. During the break, we drank a good amount of water. But only because of the heat, of course.

"I'm already feeling wet because of the sweat. I hope there are no pit stains on my shirt", Emily said.

"Not yet. Let's see where it goes today. I'm cursing myself for wearing a jacket, but I don't want to get sun burned. We'll cool down at the lake", I said.

"I'd jump in right now, believe me. Or drive through with my bike", she said. I imagined her running into the lake fully clothed. I got even warmer. Focus on the road, Sam. But it got even better.

"I'll cool off a bit", she said. Took her water bottle, opened it, and poured some on her face. It ran down her shirt and left dark green streaks on it. I couldn't believe it. Was this a normal thing to do? I guess it was, but not to me. I started getting even more sweaty from excitement and already felt a bit... excited... in my pants. Plus, I finally started noticing my bladder. Let the game begin.

While driving, I quickly pushed on my bladder and stopped again. Enough to pee for one second. I felt my panties get wet a bit. The saddle pressing against the wet fabric between my legs felt incredible. I peed once more, but not too much. I wanted to save it for later. It felt incredibly naughty to do this right next to Emily who wouldn't be able to tell. Black pants and all. This tour was already better than I imagined. I jumped out of my fantasies by a loud creak.

"Shit. Stupid chain. Come on, get in", Emily said. A creak again.

"That's what you get for your fancy 12-speed rocket ship stuff. Everything alright?" I said.

"Yeah, fine. I'm a bit afraid of that hill though. It'll be brutal if I can't get those smaller gears in. Okay, one small break", she said. Emily tried to fix her bike a bit, but without the right tools it wasn't really possible. So she resorted to drinking a bit more and trying to stay positive about that ascent.

"Okay, let's go. When we're up, I'll try to find somewhere to pee. The water's starting to get through", she said. I tried to hide my ever-growing excitement and said that we should do this together. I also noticed my bladder a bit more now. Let's see how long I can last. The hill before us should be a good challenge to both of us. And our bladders.

Emily was strained. I didn't knew her like that, she has always been fitter than me. I would probably just die on her bike right now. I would have felt bad for her if it wasn't so hot. Those muffled groans and gasps. The pit stains growing slowly. Suddenly, she gasped.

"Oh no!", she said. I knew exactly what happened, but I was surprised it came so fast. I played ignorant.

"Everything alright?", I said.

"Y- Yeah, I'm fine", she said. She pressed on. Emily wasn't the type to give up that easily. Her groans and occasional gasps continued. As an omorashi connaisseur, I was able to clearly differentiate the gasps made from the uphill struggle and the ones where she lost a spurt because of it. It was like music in my ears, a peeing concert. When we tackled three quarters of the way, Emily suddenly stopped.

"S- Sorry. I need a quick break." she said. When she got off her bike and swung her legs up - Emily always preferred men's bikes because of more stability - I could see a small dark patch between her legs. Only if you know where to look. She gasped again and quickly pressed her legs together.

"We're almost there. Catch your breath, take a sip and then we'll continue", I said. Emily took a sip indeed, probably a force of habit, but her hands were shaking a bit when she drank.

"I have to pee like crazy. And that strain isn't helping. I... I already lost a few spurts." she said. I acted surprised.

"And I thought only I was desperate. I lost some too. We'll find a spot uphill. Come on." I said. Emily peeked up when I told her. She forgot her own needs for a second, I think. My persuasion skills won and we continued. When Emily got back on her bike and sat down, she groaned again. We pressed on. Only a bit more. I pushed on my bladder for a second, enjoyed the wet sensation, and faked a gasp.

"Oh no! Another spurt! Come on, just a bit more" I said to myself. But more to Emily. She was starting to blush a bit, even more than from the strain of riding. After a while, Emily groaned again.

"It was more this time. My panties are starting to feel wet. But I stopped it", Emily said. We're almost there. In both ways.

"Me too. Come on, just a few more meters. This is the last hill. Race?" I said. Of course, Emily accepted the challenge. As she always did. That last hill was pretty steep, so it was getting hard for me too. I can't imagine how much force Emily needed. We looked at each other and pushed our pedals. As I was at the brink of wetting myself, I took advantage of the situation and relaxed. I felt it pour out of me, into my panties. The constant rubbing of the bike seat against the wet fabric got me even more excited. I pushed on my bladder, keen to concentrate all of my force on my legs. It shot out and didn't stop. My legs were starting to feel wet, those cargo pants were no obstacle for me. Finally, we're up. I looked over to Emily. She stood on her bike, panting, trying to catch a breath.

"I can't stop! Oh my god! I'm peeing!" she said. She gripped on to her handlebar as if her life depended on it. Looking down between her legs. Peeing and peeing. The former olive of her cargo pants was almost completely gone below her crotch, streaks ran down and her pants glistened a bit. I stood close to her and tried to be as quiet as possible. I could hear that familiar sound of pressurized water hitting fabric. Emily got off her bike, still full-on peeing. When she flung her legs around, I had an unobstructed look at her crotch. It was completely soaked and glistened up from the movement. She pressed her legs together when she stood again.

"No use in trying to stop. Just go." I said. That was all it took. Emily looked at me, a bit surprised, but glad I finally said it, and opened her legs again. She squatted down intuitively. Emily peed for another minute, opened her legs a bit and moaned. When she was done, she snapped back into reality and looked at me, blushing like crazy.

"I'm so embarrassed. Sorry!" she said. I shook my head.

"Don't be. I'm really impressed you made it this long, with your broken bike and all. I couldn't hold it any more minute. Wait." I said. I relaxed, pushed a bit, and started the flow myself. I felt it creep down my pants, streaks on my legs that were quickly soaked up by the fabric of my pants. I squatted down too. I peed hard. After not half as much time as I wished, I was empty. This felt great. I hoped that Emily liked it a bit too and wasn't just embarrassed. I looked at her.

"Ugh, much better. That took way too long." I said. She looked at me with her mouth open.

"Did... did you just pee in your pants on purpose?" she asked.

"I spurted almost constantly when we got to that last hill. So it doesn't matter anymore, does it?" I said. Emily didn't protest. She seemed a bit intrigued. We pushed our bikes to the rest stop a few meters away and sat down. I felt my wet pants push on my butt again. Emily gasped when she sat down. She must have felt the same.

"Good thing we packed so much to drink. It's way too hot. Our pants will dry." I said. Emily smiled again.

"Yeah, you're right. It feels so good to finally be empty again." she said. She drank a big gulp and poured some on her face again. Her shirt was dry before, so I had another chance to witness those streaks slowly work down on her body towards her soaking pants. Emily must have noticed by now that I kind of stared at her. She smiled and blushed again. I opened my jacket to refresh a bit. My black tank top felt soggy.

"Don't you want to refresh yourself too?" she asked. I was surprised. Did she mean... Only one way to find out. I took my water bottle and poured some on my face too. It felt incredibly refreshing. I also felt it run down my top and jacket, even better. I looked down on myself. My tank top glistened a bit and my jacket got some dark streaks. It looked as good as I expected. But that was no surprise to me, I knew exactly how this outfit looks when it's wet. That's why I choose it. I looked over at Emily. She stared at me and blushed even more. I smiled.

After a while, we decided to continue our route. Now the fun part began, the descent. And also that lake at the end. That day had much more to offer, I could feel it.

- to be continued -

*020*2022-10-12 20:03

{{21 hours ago, Wetlifter37 said:

Are you planning to write any more chapters?

}}

I really hope to, but as always, life has become stressful. Maybe towards the end of the year. I still have got some ideas I want to finish.

*023*2023-01-04 23:23

{{10 hours ago, HereToStay said:

How‘s life now? Still stressful? There are so many more desperate women that need to be missionized.

Wäre toll, wenn es hier weitergeht!😉

}}

I had no idea we had so many German folks here. Grüß Gott, mein Fetischbruder.

You know what? I still have some days of Urlaub left, so I'll try to get around writing another chapter this week. I'll try to finish the last chapter a little quicker than I planned and write a new one. Maybe that'll cure my writer's block. Wish me luck! 🙂
