Problems for Future Evan

Author: puddlesncuddle

*000*2020-01-01 10:12

(A fantasy of mine lol. I just want to indulge myself.)

###

Evan haphazardly threw off his shoes while letting out a big yawn.

He was a student, with a job as an after-hours food deliverer. Yeah, not the best job for well, anyone, but they were hiring and Evan was broke. Plus, one of his friends in his computer apps class told him that it wasn't as bad as a job as most people say it is. Funny, because Evan felt the exact opposite way.

He quietly transferred his stuff from his pockets to his bed, apologizing to future Evan for creating a mess for his already tired self. He would've put it away, but he didn't exactly have the time.

Being a food deliverer comes with pros and cons, and one of the cons is that he has to smell the hot food in the back of his car at almost all times. This creates a problem, because he gets stupidly hungry during his work to the point where it's distracting. What he's found out over time, though, is that drinking water can combat this feeling. He's not exactly sure how, but it does create a different kind of distraction for him, unfortunately.

Lucky for him, though, Evan has a strong bladder and can hold it well. At least until he gets back to his dorm. Thankfully his roommate is always asleep by the time he gets back so he can squirm and grab himself all he wanted while he got ready for bed.

That's exactly what he was doing now, in fact. His grip on his dick was tight as he took his wallet, keys, and whatever else out of his pockets with his free hand. He would've been more embarrassed by this if he weren't so tired.

When he had first started using his tactic of drinking water to combat his hunger, he was so worried about holding himself next to his sleeping roommate. He's a heavy sleeper, thankfully., but he'd still always whisper his name out of fear, but of course he never responded. Now it's not even a thought that goes through his mind during his after-work routine.

"Evan?"

Shit.

He frantically released the death-grip he had on his dick. The surprise from the sudden presence in the room didn't give him time to prepare his pelvic floor to hold, and some piss dribbled out of his cock and into his briefs. He managed to get it under control, though.

"Raph!" He exclaimed, spinning around to face the direction the voice came from, "I thought you were asleep, so good evening. Er- I guess good morning?"

"Need some help there?"

Raphael had a good few inches on Evan, and seemed to tower over the other man in the confrontation.

"Nope, just emptying my pockets so that I can get ready for bed..." Evan trailed off. The smirk on Raphael's face told him that he knew otherwise.

"That involves squirming around like a five year old in need of a potty break?"

Evan's cheeks flared up a brilliant red. He knew he was caught.

"Shit, man. I just- let me explain. There's a thing with uh- being hungry. And fucking water of all things helps it- I swear I didn't mean to hold it this long I was going to take a piss right after this."

There was no response from Raph, just a weird look.

"What's with the look?"

Again, no answer. But this time the other man just took a few steps forward so he was an arm's length away from Evan. He gulped, anxiety spiking his heart rate. Was he going to get the shit beat out of him for being a sissy? What was this, middle school? But instead, in a blink of an eye, Raphael had squashed Evan in a bear hug.

"C'mon man, this isn't funny!" He exclaimed, squirming under the pressure being put on his overly full bladder, "Let go, I'm gonna piss all over you."

"Maybe that's the point, dumb ass?" Raphael pointed out, squeezing a bit tighter and eliciting a slight mewl from the smaller man.

"Wh- what do you-"

Before Evan could get out another word, he was cut off by a passionate kiss. He had to admit, he'd always thought his roommate was attractive. Raphael was a swimmer, so he was extremely fit, and his tight-cropped hair showed off his strong facial features in all the right ways. He would've never guessed in a million years that Raph would be into his reserved, nerdy self.

His heart leaped, causing him to lose control yet again. The front of his underwear quickly absorbed whatever leaked out of him, but he wasn't sure how much more it could take before it showed, or how much longer he could take.

They pulled away, and Evan's attention quickly flew back to his overfilled bladder. He'd love what was happening if it were under any other circumstance.

"Please, let go." He whined hopelessly.

"Dude, just piss yourself. I'm not letting go."

More leaks started to come out of his cock, slowly seeping through his boxers and now into his sweatpants. It wasn't long until the front of his pants were dark from his own piss.

"I said," Raph had let go of Evan for long enough to just to spin him around, and was now in a position to where he could drive the palm of his hand into the poor bladder, "Just piss yourself."

That did it. With the shock of pain came the release. Almost immediately the leaks turned into a thick stream, and it wasn't long before his pants were completely soaked through. A loud hissing noise filled the small room as rivers cascaded from his legs onto Raphael's, getting him all wet.

"That's right, let it all out." Raphael cooed in his ear, gripping the front of his sweatpants, "You dirty little thing. I've seen you hold yourself before. You thought you were being sneaky, but I caught you. It was so hot I had to come over and help you out myself."

Evan held back a moan of relief as his piss had started to create a good sized puddle beneath them. It was somewhat impressive the amount of piss he was holding inside of him.

Eventually, all good things have to come to an end, and with a quick , full-body shiver, he was faced with the embarrassment of pissing on his extremely hot roommate.

"Sorry- I- well-" He was left helplessly fumbling for words to explain himself as Raphael just listened.

"You did so well baby," Raph smiled, reaching around to tip Evan's chin up to meet him in a kiss. This time, he let himself melt into it as he basked in the feeling of releasing a full bladder.

"Let's go get you cleaned up." Evan just nodded enthusiastically, following the other into the bathroom and locking the door behind them.

He should've said no, he knew that he'd have to clean up the piss on the floor and get up for classes in the morning, but hey.

That was a problem for future Evan to deal with.

