Amy. An Audio Story - Chapter 4 - When Two Worlds Collide

Author: Piano59

*000*2024-10-02 15:02

I was living in two worlds, a dual life. I was in a relationsip with Steve, an old friend who knew all about how I enjoyed wetting myself. One step at a time I was leading him into enjoyment of shared wetting experiences, and this was good - most of the time.

I was also getting very close to Emma, a young woman from work. She knew nothing of my wetting habits (so I thought). That was all private to my times with Steve. No, my leisure time spent with Emma was beautiful and becoming more intense, but dry. I worried she'd reject me if she knew of my darkest secrets.

For those of you who have followed my story in the previous chapters, you'll know how strangely my life can unfold, but I could not have foreseen these two worlds colliding, and could not have imagined the fallout.

Read on, or listen to the audio, my friends.

###

I was enduring my first hard winter, living alone in London. Steve, an old friend from childhood, had helped me escape from my family hell in Scotland and settled me into a room in a horrible shared house not far from his, near Victoria Park.

I was working in a supermarket where I got to know Emma. We became the very best of friends for quite a while. We spent many an evening laughing, drinking and getting close to each other while Tom, her partner, was on the night shift. In all truth I was falling in love with Emma, but I never told her so in so many words, and I never intended coming between her and Tom. They were very much “a straight couple”, making plans for a family future. Laughing, drinking and cuddling-up on her sofa, these were the best of times, but I’d always leave for home before midnight. That was one of our unspoken rules.

One day before the weather had got too cold, I was relaxing alone in Vicky Park with a good book, laying on the grass in my wet, and frequently re-wetted black jeans, when Steve suddenly appeared and sat down beside me. We were just good mates at the time and I felt at ease with him. At ease enough to allow a short spurt of piss to flow into the crotch of my pissy black jeans as we laughed and talked together.

I didn’t even think about it. I suppose I thought he’d never notice, but he did and seemed shocked at first, before admitting he’d watched me wetting my knickers several times a very long time ago. I remember how I loved to go out into the lane to wet myself back then, but I was always careful to do so in private. I never wanted anyone else to see me, but he had a clear view from his bedroom window, so he said. With all this revealed I turned onto my side facing him as we talked. It was getting a bit cold and with a bladder still half full, I let the flow go, and watched him in fascination, as he watched me.

Later Steve took me to his place for the first time where he undressed me, and rinsed through my wet clothes, and we made love on his bed. This was the first time I’d ever had sex, with a man anyway. I wasn’t sure how to include the night I’d enjoyed not long before with a beautiful, a stunningly beautiful, much older woman. We’d met on a late train, and somehow this elegant yet drunken woman was walking back to my place, when she wet herself in the street, just before we got there. We laughed about it as she stood there in her expanding puddle and she said; "I thought that was going to happen on the train, but I'm so glad I made it this far".

The night that followed was the most sensual, and yes sexy, of my nineteen years alive. A one night stand, I never asked her name, but my night with her, and this time with Steve, the night I spent with my beautiful black woman was the more important to me.

I loved cuddling Emma. We sometimes had a take-away burger, pizza or fish and chips, watching TV from her sofa. Then I offered to cook sometimes instead of spending what neither of us could afford, and I introduced her to some quick and easy dishes with a middle-eastern influence. I think we both enjoyed the journey I was leading her along, away from a strictly “pie and mash” or “cod and chips” East-end, and into a wider world.

We touched each other almost anywhere, almost everywhere, held each other, hugged closely, but only fully dressed, until one night we’d drunk maybe a little more beer than usual. I kissed Emma on the mouth. Shocked, unsure what to do, she stood up and walked calmly off to the bathroom. She was away for many minutes, each one agonising for me. What had I done?

When, eventually, she came out of the bathroom, she came and sat beside me in silence. We looked straight at each other for what seemed a long time, and then she kissed me, so gently, on the mouth. We kissed so sweetly, so gently, with a slowly rising intensity. Hugging, kissing and caressing each other, this was heavenly to me. Our hands began exploring each others flesh under our clothes until she quietly whispered “enough”, sat up and we continued sitting together with our arms around each other, hugging. It was getting late, so I made my excuses and left for home.

Steve kept in regular touch and got into the habit of asking me round to his place on any random evening, or day I wasn’t working. I was glad to go, to get out of my horrible room if nothing else. The winter was setting in, the window in my room rattled, and the electric meter in my room gobbled up coins at a frightening rate. It was impossible to heat the room, and some days ice formed on the inside of the window. Many times I ventured to the kitchen late at night. When the light turned on you could watch the cockroaches run for cover. There was a constant, unpleasant background smell in the kitchen. I sometimes spent an hour or more trying to clean it but nothing touched the smell.

I was always too scared to let Emma know about my wetting fetish, but Steve was getting in to it. He started asking to watch me while I wet my knickers, sitting on his toilet. He liked me to wear my polyester work uniform skirt with knickers. After the first few times he presented me with a collection of different knickers of all types, from thongs to huge granny-knickers. I didn’t mind, I’d put on whatever pairs he wanted, sit on his toilet with my legs wide apart and watch his joy at my knicker wetting.

I did like to make him happy. Sometimes he put his hand on me so I peed on his hand as well. Then sometimes he’d gently rub, and it was good. I was his naughty schoolgirl who needed to be punished for being so naughty, and he would pull down my wet knickers, bend me over and spank my naughty wet behind – ever so gently. This always got him going and usually led to intercourse. Some times he got a bit rough and I had to beg him to be kinder, but I did like to see him in such pleasure. As the first time my pleasure was all about him, and he never made me come. I didn’t mind though.

Many times I asked Steve to piss his pants for me to watch, but he wouldn’t at first, until we came up with something new. Steve would wear his denim shorts and sit on the toilet. I would then sit on his lap, and jiggle about a bit until I could feel him stir. Once I’d got what I judged to be sufficient of his attention I’d drench my knickers and soak him too through his shorts. I loved doing this, it sometimes got messy with piss going all over the place, but ... It was then only a small step to get Steve to piss in his already wet shorts.

But still he would only piss his pants with me sitting on his lap. I really wanted to watch him just stand there and piss himself, but he had another idea. What if he were to wear a pair of pants, let me ‘eat him’ through the cloth as he pissed those pants. I tried this some times, I enjoyed eating him through his pants, there was something quite madly erotic about this, but his piss filling my mouth, running down my front, I couldn’t enjoy this, it was truly awful, but I did it for him.

After my most recent evening with Emma I was reluctant to talk, fearing what I might hear. I only saw her from a distance a few times at work, it was quite a large supermarket. On the third day I was feeling despondent when Emma bounced up and said, “you coming around tonight?” Joyously I said, “of course Emma. I’ll bring some food”. Emma smiled, and bounced off.

I got to Emma’s at about eight and went straight to the kitchen to start preparing our mini-meal. Nice and simple, samosas in the microwave while I chopped mint and salad leaves and stirred them into the yoghurt. Emma fussed around as usual but she was in a dressing gown, not so usual. Then she came up close behind me and put her arms around my waist, still chattering away about nothing much, but I was distracted by her hands which were making tentative explorations of my body. In gentle caressing movements her hands moved up and soon she was squeezing me tightly to her with her hands working on my tits.

This felt very caring and wonderful, her breath on my shoulder adding something intangible but none the less special to the heady mix of emotion. Then one hand came lower and reached inside my baggy t-shirt top, lifting it giving access to my bare breasts. I wasn’t wearing a bra, with my tiny tits I didn’t need to. I was loving this, but I pulled away to take my top off and to turn and face her. I reached into and opened her dressing gown and eased it gently off her shoulders. There was Emma standing in front of me, wearing only a pair of black panties.

Neither of us knew what we were doing. I could have pulled her panties off there and then but I resisted while I enjoyed feeling how she fumbled to get me undressed. Before long we were both just in our panties, exploring each other in a frantic haze of desire. Over the following hours we touched, explored, kissed and did whatever we felt. A heady, wonderful and joyous time we two young animals enjoyed each other to the full, with no rules, no inhibitions, a glorious sense of freedom and fulfilment. It was gone one in the morning when I tore myself away. I felt I could have stayed in this frenzy of joy with Emma forever, but it was getting dangerously close to the time when Tom would be home, and I had to be away before then. I never wanted to cause trouble for Emma and Tom. I sort of knew that Emma felt the same. I’d never really doubted how serious they were to do the normal family thing.

I floated to work the next day as if on a magic carpet of euphoria. It was not to last. While sorting cream cakes by sell-by date, Emma found me. We were at one end of a long aisle, and I could see our creepy manager Eric approaching in the distance. Emma was smiling, but it was not a happy smile. Her mouth opened silently at first, as she struggled to find the words

“Last night, um, well, can’t happened again ‘coz I ain’t no lezzer, and you ain’t no proper lezzer neither. I know.”

Eric touched Emma on the shoulder, she leapt back in shocked surprise. He had one of his very important special tasks for her.

Our lunch break times were different but we had a fifteen minute overlap when I found Emma and led her firmly out the back by the roller pallets where the smokers lurked. She was shaking and close to tears.

“I can’t tell you now. There’s so much you don’t know. I should have told you. Oh Amy, this is all so fucked up”, she said. I moved to hold her but she pulled away. “Not here”, she said. “Not now”, and she ran back into the store.

I found her during the afternoon and told her, in no uncertain terms, we would talk after work. The sadness in her beautiful face pierced my heart as she nodded and just said “Yes”.

We left work together and walked a distance down the street to a bench where we sat. It was cold. It was dark. It was public, many people passing by. “All of this is Steve’s fault”, she said as she sobbed into the fake fur collar of her coat.

Steve! I reeled in bewilderment.

Steve? I realised I’d never said anything about Emma to Steve, and never said anything about Steve to Emma. To me they lived in two separate worlds. Steve my bridge to my roots, and Emma a part of my brave new future. I’d never thought about this. I was living in two worlds with nothing to connect them.

Minutes passed with only silence between us as Emma quietly sobbed. I was still reeling, trying to imagine how these two worlds could have collided without me knowing.

“Steve”, I said, “But how?”

“It was Steve asked me to look out for you Amy, when you started work. He cares about you”, said Emma. “I know all about what you get up to with Steve, he tells me everything, all your fucking and pants wetting and all the weird stuff”.

We were just sitting next to each other on the street bench in the cold. My head was in a spin as I put an arm around Emma’s shoulders and pulled her closer. “Emma, how do you know about Steve”? I asked. “He’s my cousin, and this is all his stupid game”.

A long silence, and then she let go;

“It’s one of his stupid games. Oh Amy, I wanted to tell you a long time ago but he wouldn’t let me. He thinks this is funny, and it sort of was, but now it’s not. Everything is all fucked up, but he still thinks its funny. And I thought it was weird and horrible when he told me about the wetting and stuff, but I’ve thought about it and last night I so much wanted to ask you to sit on my lap and wee in your pants like you do with him but I was too scared.” Emma stopped short.

“But Emma, I love you”.

She interrupted and said “And, and, I’m going to marry Tom and we’re going to have a family, and I can’t, I can’t, oh”.

“Emma, my dear love, I will always love you, but I never thought I would take you from Tom. I like Tom, and its always been that you two were taking the family journey, and I’d never want to stand in your way. I can love you, and I can watch you go, with Tom.”

We sat and hugged in silence a while longer. All this news. All this shock, yet somehow strangely things seemed to be falling into some kind of crazy order. Eventually we drew apart just enough to look each other in the eye. It was dark, and it was cold. “Emma”, I said. “Emma I’m busting for a wee, the cold, I think I’m going to wet myself, um I’m wetting myself.” She smiled a beautiful smile as my piss hissed audibly through my pants, over my polyester work skirt, and trickled onto the concrete below, splashing at my feet. The flow was enormous, a litre or more, but once it had subsided and the final drips fell, still smiling sweetly she said “Better come back to mine and I’ll put all this in the wash for you”.

Amy. An Audio Story - Chapter 4 - When Two Worlds Collide.mp3

*001*2024-10-03 08:20

When items like this get delayed for ''approval'', it seems release does not get shown under 'Activity'. So, just to say, here's the all new Chpter 4 to the story of Amy. Please enjoy, and feel free to offer thoughts and feedback on any direction you might like to see Chapter 5. Thanks !

