Wet Besties- A Sonic The Hedgehog Omorashi Story

Author: PeeingMyPantsj

*000*2020-07-07 01:19

Marine The Racoon is on her way to the Chaotix Detective Agency for a play date with Charmy Bee, her best friend. Marine started to feel a familiar twinge in her bladder signaling she needed to pee. “Nothing I can’t handle.” Thought Marine. About 5 minutes later, Marine knocks on the door to the Chatoix. Just then, the door swung open. “Hey, bestie!” Charmy squealed while hugging Marine. “Hi, Charmy!” Marine said loudly while hugging Charmy back. After the hug Marine noticed that Charmy was shaking. “Charmy what’s wrong?” Marine asked. “Well the toilets broken and I REALLY have to pee!” Said Charmy with his hands now in his crotch. “Crikey! Your toilets broken?”

“Yeah.”

“Would you like to do karaoke?” Asked Marine. “Sure!” Replied Chramy.

Life starts with a sunny day

Let's feel our ocean breath

We are cruisin' open seas

Can't wait for a new venture! La La... La La... La La... a new venture...

La La... La La... La La... a new venture...

“I can’t hold it anymore!” Charmy yelled dropping the mic. Pee flooded his pants and underwear and snaked down his legs forming a puddle on the floor. “Strewth! You must have really had to go.” Said Marine. Charmy then started to cry. “There there, it was an accident, mate.“ Said Marine throwing her arms around Charmy. Marine then came up with an idea. “Charmy look!” Marine squealed as pee pooled under her feet. “Why did you wet yourself?” Charmy asked “I wet myself for you so that you feel better, mate!”

“You’d do that for me?” Of course, Charmy! Your my best mate!” Your my best friend too Marine!” And so, the two wet besties hugged for three whole minutes.

THE END


