Dying For the Loo

Author: Pain

*000*2023-02-17 08:33

Finally, Suresh saw a gymnasium and hurried towards it, hoping to use the urinals there, but to his dismay, the door to the gymnasium was locked. His bladder felt like it had a knife stabbing from inside, it was filled with an awful lot of urine. It was so full in fact that he couldn’t even stand straight let alone walk and the thought of looking further for a toilet terrified him.

He had to piss like a racehorse but had nowhere to go; he squeezed his cock in desperation, stuck in his dilemma while he stood there, his bladder about to explode with the force of a nuclear bomb when he heard a familiar voice call out to him "Suresh! What are you doing here? I thought you left for home already," he turned around to see it was Nemali, "Come on, I'll drive you home," she said.

“Oh, Nemali ma'am, is that you? I-I'm dying for the loo” Suresh blurted out, relieved to see someone he knew as he hobbled towards the Mercedes Maybach S650 she was sitting in, “Oh, thank goodness, could you drop me home? I can’t wait for a piss!” he sighed, embarrassed at admitting his predicament while struggling to walk towards her car, stricken with panic as he reached for the door and gratefully climbed in next to her.

Nemali was a bit taken aback at his sudden confession. Being the Chief Financial Officer of the company, she had not expected a subordinate to be so upfront with her, “How long have you been standing here?” she asked as she saw him struggling to put on his seat belt, “I thought you went home?”

“Oh, I have been waiting here for almost half an hour” he said, “Couldn’t book a cab and the one that I got showed a 1-Hour wait until pick up.”

“Oh, that sounds bad,” Nemali said as she drove.

"Oh, thank you so much for helping me, I don’t know what I would have done had you not shown up" Suresh sighed gratefully as he crossed his knees tightly, hoping to give some rest to his foot long cock while he put a hand firmly on his upper thigh.

Nemali smiled and said, "No problem. We're a team, and we should look out for each other."

“Oh, t-thank you so much...you don’t know how much that means to me,” he said, “S-so how was your day?” he asked her, trying to divert the conversation and take his mind off from his pressing need.

“Oh, it was great,” she answered, “How about you?”

“It was good, just really busy, I'm glad it's over…but..err…Nemali Ma’am, I am sorry to bother you, but would you know of any toilets nearby?” Suresh abruptly asked, bending a bit forward, his need becoming very urgent.

Nemali couldn’t believe that he could dare to speak like that in front of her, moreover she could not believe that he would even think that a polished and high status woman like her would know of someplace so dirty and despicable like a public toilet, “I am sorry, Suresh but I don’t know,” Nemali answered, “Don’t worry, you’ll be home soon…” she told him.

“Oh, thank you… could you please hurry,” he pleaded to her. He had never held his piss this long ever before in his life.

“Oh dear, looks like you are bursting,” Nemali sighed at his plight.

“Oh, you have no idea how full my bladder had gotten during the last visit, I really thought I wasn’t going to make it back to the office,” he struggled for a breath, “I thought so many times to just ask the client to excuse me for minute while I quickly used the toilet on the property but then I…I realized that doing so would come across as really unprofessional and I didn’t want to get in trouble with my boss….”

"Wait, you've been waiting all that time?" she exclaimed in disbelief. "Did you use the toilet at the office?"

"Oh, that's where I was headed as soon as I got back from the home tour," Suresh explained. "But the urinals were closed for cleaning, so I couldn't use them. That's why I decided to get a cab and go home instead."

Nemali’s heart skipped a beat, “Oh, I am so sorry to hear that,” she tried to console him, “Well, just asking, when was the last time you went to the toilet anyway?” she inquired, trying to sound as nonchalant as she could.

“Well, this is embarrassing but I couldn’t visit the toilet today because of all the work,” Suresh forced his words as he labored for his breath.

Nemali looked at him in disbelief ,”Oh you must be going out of your mind needing the loo then!,” she said, unable to fathom how he had managed to hold on for so long.

Suresh just hoped she drover faster. He didn't want to tell her how much he had to drink that day but by when he had stepped out of the office to show properties to his clients that morning, he had already emptied a whole 20-liter water can, fueling up for what he knew would be a long day. It hadn’t stopped there though. Throughout the day, he had consumed almost 24 cups of extra-large Trenta cups of coffee from Starbucks, each holding a whopping 31 ounces and while showing properties to his clients, he was able to enjoy a total of 12 pots of the green tea, offered by the hospitable hosts or occupants, he drank it for the health of his kidneys as he had made sure to stay hydrated and energized throughout his busy day of property showings, fueling up on his favorite beverages and not letting thirst get in the way of his work.

He let out a sigh, finally being able to focus on holding his river of piss now that he knew he was on his way home. "Oh, thank you so much, you have no idea how much I need to go," he again said gratefully. He did not want to think what he would do if he could not reach his home on time before his bladder exploded, he just hoped that would not happen.

"Don't worry about it," Nemali said, smiling.

His bladder had felt like a boulder while he had been trying to get inside that gymnasium, it was so full he wasn’t even able to take a step, but he thanked God when Nemali showed up at the right time, though now his need was more urgent than before and he knew it was going to be a very close call.

Nemali on the other hand felt a bit tired after her day at work. She was a thorough professional who prioritized her work above all else. Now at the age of twenty-four, Nemali was the Chief Financial Officer of the real estate firm, with her sights set on becoming the CEO in the next few years. Nemali's academic achievements had been nothing short of stellar. She had secured a seven-figure scholarship while applying to the state university to pursue a degree in Economics where she eventually went on to secure the highest rank in all of her semesters. Her friends even called her a "Human Calculator" in teasing.

She had been a multifaceted champion, excelling in both chess and badminton during her school and university years and had a reputation as a tenacious and versatile chess player, recognized as the unofficial state champion, and a dominant force in badminton for well over a decade, with gold medals in state and national championships.

While completing her undergraduate studies, she had taken on the Chartered Accountancy examinations and also enrolled in a rigorous Chartered Financial Analyst program. She studied for the exams while pursuing her undergraduate degree and cleared all three levels of the CFA program in just two years. After completing her undergraduate degree and achieving the CA and CFA qualifications, Nemali had decided to pursue an MBA in Finance from a top business school in the country. She enrolled in the program and was soon recognized as a top performer, earning several accolades and awards for her academic achievements. She was young and beautiful and she had achieved what only a few exceptional individuals could. Her expertise and professional prowess had set her apart from the vast majority of professionals in her field.

Nemali had always cared deeply about her appearance and always dressed in stylish clothes, suits with trousers or skirts, and looked every bit a fashion model. Though Nemali's stunning beauty was often the talk of the office, she had never paid attention to her colleagues who could not help but gaze in awe as she walked down the hallways of the office building. Many of them had tried to win her heart, but to no avail. Nemali had politely turned down every marriage proposal, explaining that her career was her only priority. While some may have found this attitude surprising, it was no secret that Nemali was fiercely driven and focused towards her goals. Her ambition was evident in everything she did, from her impressive academic record to her rapid ascent up the corporate ladder.

She lived an extravagant lifestyle, with a wardrobe filled with designer clothing and accessories. She enjoyed visiting the most exclusive and opulent restaurants, known for their high-quality food, impeccable service, and luxurious atmosphere. Her dining choices ranged from Michelin-starred restaurants to trendy hotspots that catered to the elite, where she could enjoy exotic delicacies and the finest vintage wines. With a penchant for luxury, she was particularly drawn to restaurants with stunning views or lavish interiors that matched her high-end lifestyle.

She had even made a significant investment in purchasing a luxurious apartment last year that sprawled across four floors of a high-rise building situated in the prime location of the city. The opulent space was a testament to Nemali's success and reflected her refined taste and appreciation for the finer things in life. From the panoramic views to the premium amenities, Nemali had spared no expense in curating her dream home.

It was almost around 7 PM now which put them at the city tunnel in the height of rush hour traffic. Getting through the tunnel at this time in the evening usually took about a half hour and the fact that the distance from Suresh’s home to the tunnel was almost thirty minutes by what he had told her, Nemali had prepared herself for a hour long ride to his place.

As they inched their way to the tunnel Nemali saw a look of worry on Suresh’s face. When they entered the tunnel, the traffic came to a screeching halt, inching forward at a snail's pace. The traffic was moving slowly and after a few minutes Nemali could see Suresh crossing and uncrossing his legs. Soon he was moaning in agony and doubling over at the waist. She could tell that he was really struggling to hold on but there was nothing much she could do to help him other than get him home as soon as possible.

The traffic continued to move ever so slowly and at one point came to a complete halt. Nemali noticed Suresh trembling as he tried hard to contain himself. She kept glancing down at his crotch, hoping to see a wet patch but it was dry.

The minutes dragged on, and the traffic was at a complete standstill, leaving Suresh's bladder on the brink of bursting, but he didn’t utter a word out of sheer embarrassment. He could still feel all that liquid pumping into his exhausted organ.

Nemali couldn't help but glance down at his crotch again, wondering how he was still holding on.

He commented that he had to go really bad and Nemali kept encouraging him by telling him to think of something else. She knew though, that he could think of nothing else at this time except his dire need to urinate.

Finally, after about thirty-five minutes inside the tunnel the traffic began to move forward, inch by inch and Nemali began to drive along with it. "Oh, please can we stop somewhere, my bladder is bursting", Suresh exclaimed, “I need to go so bad."

Nemali assured him that she would pull over as soon as she could but then the traffic stopped again, briefly as cars were lead out of the tunnel. They were still only about mid-way through. A cop stood at the end of the tunnel letting about ten cars out at a time so as not to create a bottle-neck of traffic in the street outside the tunnel.

Nemali glanced at Suresh’s crotch once more. She was in awe of how long he was holding such a bad piss. They were still at a standstill when Suresh let out a moan of agony, “Oh, I‘m bursting…”

He just kept saying "Oh, I'm so embarrassed" but Nemali told him not to worry, and that it could happen to anyone. The traffic began to move, and she drove ahead carefully.

Finally, they were out of the dark tunnel, but still crawling in traffic. At this point, Suresh told Nemali he couldn't even talk, because if he did he was going to loose control. He shifted uneasily in his seat, his hand pressed hard against his crotch as he tried to contain the massive pressure in his bladder.

"N-Nemali ma’am, I am sorry to bother you but I really need to take a piss now! Can we please find a toilet?" he said with a look of desperation.

Nemali nodded, "Of course, I'll find one as soon as possible," she said, her eyes darting around for any signs of a public restroom.

There were many restaurants in that part of the city, but trying to find a parking place was hard on a good day. Now, with all of the cars that just came out of the tunnel, it was near to impossible. The city was not the kind of place where one could pull over and pee on the side of the road either. There were wall to wall people on the streets, and lots of policemen around. Nemali was hurrying so that Suresh could get to a toilet and finally let it out.

Her heart raced as she navigated through the bustling city streets, searching for a parking spot, while Suresh was on the verge of losing control. She quickly took a turn and drove down a crowded street, trying to keep her eyes peeled for any sign of a restroom. Suresh's need was growing more urgent by the second. He squirmed in his seat, his breaths becoming shallower as he tried to hold on.

Finally, they spotted a small public restroom on the side of the road and Nemali quickly pulled over before Suresh jumped out of the car and ran inside, unbuckling the leather belt around his waist and opening the button on his trousers but as he reached the entrance, the attendant stopped him.

"Excuse me, sir. You need to pay one rupee to use the restroom," the attendant said.

Suresh's eyes widened in shock, "I don't have any change on me. Please, I really need to use the toilet," he begged.

"I'm sorry, sir. No payment, no entry," the attendant replied, folding his arms. Suresh frantically searched his pockets, hoping to find a coin he had missed. But his pockets were empty. In defeat, he closed the button of his trousers and fastened his belt around his aching bladder, still tightly holding his river of urine, while he hobbled back to the car as fast as his inflated urine tank would allow and knocked on the window, trying to get Nemali's attention.

"Nemali, I need a coin. Please, I can’t wait any longer," he said, his voice cracking with desperation. “Oh, dear,” Nemali quickly searched through her purse, but unfortunately she had no coins either. "I'm sorry, Suresh. I don't have any change on me," she said, her voice filled with concern.

Overwhelmed, Suresh moaned in agony and helplessness. He hurried back to the restroom and begged the attendant once more, but the man refused to budge. Crushed at the refusal, Suresh returned to the car, his face flushed with embarrassment. "I can't believe this is happening to me," he said, his voice shaking with emotion as he closed the door after climbing in, crossing his legs in desperation.

Nemali placed a comforting hand on his knee, "It's okay, Suresh. We'll find another toilet," she said, her voice filled with sympathy but Suresh did not respond, he was dying for a wee.

Nemali started to drive as fast as she could and they were just a few minutes away from his residence when all of a sudden her phone rang; it was her real estate agent Shefali. Though she was the Chief Financial Officer of a company in the real estate industry she preferred to use an outside agency to help her with personal transactions so that she could focus on her own work and avoid any conflicts of interest that might arise if she were to handle her own personal transactions. It was a sensible decision on her part to help her with the purchase, rather than relying on her own company's resources.

"Good evening, Shefali," Nemali answered in a poised voice. "What can I do for you?"

"Ms. Nemali, I have some exciting news to share with you," Shefali said in a calm, professional tone. "The penthouse I told you about is now available for a visit. The owner is looking for a discerning buyer like you, who values luxury and exclusivity."

Nemali's eyes widened with interest. "That is wonderful news, Shefali. But, I am on my way to drop my colleague at his place. Can we schedule the visit for another time?"

"I understand your predicament, Ms. Nemali," Shefali replied in a polite tone. "But this is a unique opportunity, and I cannot guarantee when the property will be available for a visit again. I would hate for you to miss out on the chance to see it." Nemali's mind raced as she considered her options. She didn't want to keep Suresh waiting, but the opportunity to see the penthouse was too good to pass up.

"This penthouse is truly one-of-a-kind, with sweeping views of the city skyline and the latest in cutting-edge technology and design. It would be the perfect addition to your impressive property portfolio," Shefali continued while on call.

Nemali thought at the prospect of adding this property to her collection. "That sounds like something I cannot miss. Let me see if Suresh would mind waiting for a little while."

She turned towards him and said, “Suresh, it is my real estate agent, would you mind if I visit this property first before dropping you home?” she asked, “I know you need to take a piss but I have been trying to check this penthouse out for almost a month now but never got the time, my agent is there at the moment, would it be alright if we made a quick stop before I drop you off? I have an opportunity to see a truly exceptional property, I promise we won’t be too long” she requested.

The thought of having to wait longer for the toilet terrified Suresh but he couldn’t refuse the Chief Financial Officer of the company, “S-Sure ma’am, not an issue,” he breathed hoping he would get to pee as soon as they reached the place.

Nemali breathed a sigh of relief and turned back to her phone, "Shefali, I appreciate your enthusiasm, and I am excited to see this penthouse. Let us proceed with the visit. I will be there as soon as possible."

"Excellent, Nemali," Shefali said with a hint of satisfaction in her voice. "I will see you shortly, and I am confident you will not regret this decision."

Meanwhile, Suresh’s bladder was still ballooning rapidly and he didn’t know if he could control his urge to urinate for much longer.

“Ma’am, I was thinking if.. you know…if I could take a piss at the penthouse?” Suresh pleaded meekly, “My home is far from where we are going and I really need to use the toilet…” he was absolutely bursting as he said this.

Nemali looked at him in disbelief, that penthouse could be her abode in the future and she was not sure if she was comfortable with someone using the facilities before she had even made the purchase, “I am sorry Suresh but that is a premium piece of real estate and I think it is really rude to ask to use the toilet at someone else’s house,” Nemali said, trying not to sound angry.

“I am sorry, ma’am but I would not have asked if it hadn’t been this urgent,” Suresh begged, crossing his legs tighter.

Nemali saw that he was telling the truth and though she was unwilling to concur she agreed half heartedly to let Suresh use the toilet once they got there. Though seething with anger, she told herself that she was a good person for letting him use the toilet but now regretted bringing Suresh along for the visit.

Soon they were at the location and Nemali parked her car outside the luxurious building before stepping out, Suresh was dying for a wee by this point and found it harder to control the urge now that he was standing, all he wanted was to get inside the penthouse and unleash a torrent of hot piss into the toilet.

They quickly made their way to the entrance, where Shefali was waiting to greet them. "Welcome, Nemali ma’am," Shefali said with a warm smile. "I'm so glad you could make it."

Nemali returned the smile and said, "Thank you, Shefali. I am really excited to see the property."

As Shefali led them to the elevator, Suresh looked around nervously; it was getting very difficult for him to walk, he had to piss like a fire hydrant now and knew he did not have much time left before he would start pissing uncontrollably, toilet or no toilet.

He shifted uneasily from one foot to the other, trying to distract himself from the exploding pressure in his bladder. They entered the elevator, and he knew it was going to be a long ride up to the 42nd floor.

As the elevator began to ascend, Suresh felt as if his bladder would erupt right there in front of the two women, he tried to hide it, but the pressure was becoming unbearable.

"Excuse me, miss," he said, trying to keep his voice calm. "But how much longer until we get to the apartment?"

“It usually takes 10 minutes from the ground floor."

Suresh's heart sank. He wasn't sure if he could hold it for that long. He started panicking but there was nothing he could do.

When they finally reached the 42nd floor, Shefali led them to the entrance of the high-rise suite and as soon as they got inside Suresh could not hold himself back any longer, "Excuse me, Shefali," he interrupted. “..but I really need to use the toilet."

Shefali paused and hesitated for a moment before replying, "I'm afraid the toilets in the penthouse are currently out of order. We're having some maintenance work done, and they won't be functional for a few more days."

Suresh's face dropped, and he looked crestfallen. "But I really need to take a piss. Is there anywhere else nearby that I can go?"

Shefali looked at his bulging crotch where his elephantine penis rested and shook her head apologetically. "I'm sorry, Suresh, but the nearest toilet is quite a distance away. It would take some time to get there and back, and I'm not sure it would be worth the trouble."

Suresh looked defeated, and Nemali felt a pang of sympathy for him. "Shefali, is there anything we can do? This is really an emergency for Suresh."

“I am sorry Nemali ma’am but there is nothing that I can think of at the moment,” Shefali admitted, “You’ll have to wait, sir” she said coldly.

Suresh couldn’t believe his ears, he was almost about to starting weeing in his pants, “Suresh, we’ll be out of here in no time, would you just give me 10 minutes to go through the property, please? I promise it won’t take long,” Nemali requested.

He couldn’t believe how inconsiderate, selfish and thoughtless Nemali could be when she knew full well just how long he had been waiting to urinate.

With a defeated tone, he finally agreed to wait, “Y-yes, sure, ma’am,” resigning himself to the agony of crossing his legs as he took a seat, waiting for Nemali and Shefali to finish their inspection. His urgent need to use the bathroom was unbearable, and his frustration grew as he watched her casually stroll through the property, seemingly oblivious to his discomfort. The pressure was mounting, and his hands were shivering as he struggled to hold on.

Nemali stood in the middle of the grand living room, her eyes scanning every inch of the space. Shefali had just started giving her the grand tour of the penthouse, but Nemali was already in disbelief. It was as if she had been transported to another world, one where luxury and opulence were the norm. The penthouse was one of the most luxurious and exclusive apartments in the city, boasting 10 rooms, including 6 bedrooms and 9 bathrooms, and a whopping 140 feet of frontage. She couldn't help but let out a gasp as she turned to look at the glass atrium with its wall that swung open. The view was breathtaking, and she felt as though she was suspended in the air. Shefali smiled at her, clearly pleased with her reaction. "It's amazing, isn't it?" she asked.

Nemali nodded, unable to find the words to express just how incredible the space was. As they moved towards the terrace, Nemali's eyes were drawn to the double-height ceilings in the living room. It was as if the space went on forever, and she felt incredibly small in comparison.

The decorations were just as impressive as the features. Beautiful chandeliers hung from the ceilings, and works of art lined the walls. Some of the spaces even reminded her of a Roman villa, with marble worktops and oak floors. Shefali led her through the different floors of the luxury apartment, and Nemali couldn't believe what she was seeing, a gym, a cinema, a library, a whisky bar, and even a billiard room. It was as if every possible amenity had been thought of. But it was the 70-foot-long infinity pool with the water slide that truly stole the show, the pool seemed to merge with the skyline, offering a view that was second to none. She imagined herself floating in the pool, staring out at the city below, and couldn't help but feel a sense of longing

As she gazed out at the city, she knew that this was a place she needed to add to her already impressive property portfolio.

"Shefali, I have to say I'm really impressed with this penthouse! It's even more magnificent than I expected!" Nemali beamed.

"I'm so glad to hear that, Ms. Nemali. This is truly one of the most exclusive and luxurious apartments in the city."

"Absolutely! I mean, look at this 70-foot-long rooftop swimming pool! And the view from up here is breathtaking!"

"I know, right? And the interior decorations are just as impressive as the exterior. The chandeliers and works of art are just stunning!" Shefali added.

"I can see that the designer has really outdone himself here. The Roman villa-inspired decor is just fantastic!" Nemali said.

"Definitely and the amenities this building offers are second to none. The gym, swimming pool, and massage therapy room are just a few of the perks residents get to enjoy," Shefali continued

"And let's not forget the wine cellar! I mean, who wouldn't want to store their collection in a climate-controlled environment?" Nemali beamed.

"Exactly. And the separate guest apartment on the floor below is perfect for visitors or staff," Shefali hoped that she had cracked the deal.

"It's a true palace in the sky, Shefali,” Nemali replied enthusiastically, “I can't wait to make an offer!"

Nemali looked at Shefali and said, "Thank you so much for showing me around the penthouse, it's absolutely beautiful. I'm very interested in buying it, but I have to leave now. I need to drop off Suresh at his place."

Shefali smiled and said, "Of course, Nemali. I'm glad you enjoyed the tour. We can schedule another meeting to discuss the details of the purchase. Would next week work for you?"

Nemali nodded and replied, "Yes, next week works for me. I'll have my assistant send you my availability, and we can coordinate from there."

Shefali smiled, “Feel free to call me anytime if you have any questions or concerns."

Nemali thanked her and said, "Thank you, Shefali. You've been very helpful. I'm looking forward to working with you on this."

Shefali smiled and replied, "Likewise, Ms. Nemali. Have a safe drive, and I'll see you next week."

By now, Suresh had to piss like a fire hose, and it was all Nemali’s fault, though a ray of hope shone inside him when he saw them come back to the drawing room, “Nemali ma’am, can we go now?” he begged and she had to agree.

As they both stepped out of the penthouse, Suresh gasped in desperation, “Oh thank goodness, you made it quick, I can’t wait for the toilet anymore” he moaned.

“I am so sorry, Suresh” Nemali said.

Suresh was frustrated that the place had nine toilets and not a single one was working. He was cursing Nemali in his mind for delaying his trip to the toilet but there was nothing else he could do.

They got inside her car and were soon on the way to Suresh’s place. His desperation was so extreme that he squirmed the entire time they were driving, and when the vehicle finally pulled up outside Suresh’s place 15 minutes later, he hastily jumped out and made a run for the front door. But it was only after reaching the door step that he realized that he had left his business briefcase, and hence his keys, inside Nemali’s vehicle.

“Oh, Nemali ma’am, my key is in your car,” he wailed as he hobbled back to the vehicle barely able to stop himself from pissing right then and there and quickly retrieved his bag from the back seat before rushing back towards the door of his house.

Nemali stepped out of her vehicle and saw Suresh crossing his legs tightly as he looked for the keys in his bag. The next blow came when Suresh could not find the keys in his bag, and realized that he must have left them at work. Unable to get in, Suresh frantically tried not to lose control of his very full bladder right there at the doorstep in front of Nemali.

"Is everything okay, Suresh?," Nemali asked

“I can't find my house keys, I think I left them at work," he moaned in agony as he went through his wallet, but it wasn’t there either “Could you jimmy the door lock and let me in?" Suresh asked Nemali. Oh, he was bursting more now that he was just a few feet away from his toilet.

"I'm sorry, Suresh. I don't know how to do that. Maybe we could try calling a locksmith? Or do you need me to drive you somewhere else?" Nemali asked, she had seen how desperate Suresh had been during the entire ride home and for him to come this far and not be able to get inside his house really made her feel for him.

But just then, Suresh recalled that his neighbor Mrs. Kiara has a duplicate key to his place!

"Oh, actually, Mrs. Kiara has a duplicate key. Let me get it from her," Suresh rushed to his neighbor’s house that was a few yards across and rang the bell in panic, but there was no answer.

"Oh, isn't she home? Open the door, I am bursting for the toilet!" he groaned in frustration.

He then quickly took out his cell phone and called Mrs. Kiara in dread. It was around eight o'clock by now and she was at a restaurant enjoying the night with some of her friends when she felt a vibration from her cell phone and decided to check who was calling. She took it out from her handbag and looked at it and saw that it was her neighbor, Suresh. She hadn’t expected to hear from him at this time, so she quickly moved to a quiet place to have a conversation with him, “Hello?” she said.

"Mrs. Kiara, it's Suresh. I'm so sorry to bother you, but I can't find my house keys, and I really need to get in. Do you have the spare key?"

"Oh, Suresh, I'm sorry, I'm not at home right now. I'm out with my friends. Can you wait for a bit?"

"I am sorry Mrs. Kiara but I really can't wait. I need to get in right away, I actually need to use the toilet, I haven’t taken a piss the whole day!" he begged her, squeezing his cock for dear life.

"Oh dear, I'll see what I can do. Give me a few minutes," Mrs. Kiara heard the concern in his voice and said to him that she was going to catch a taxi and would be there right away. Suresh thanked her a lot and confirmed again that he had to pee really badly telling her that it would be great if she could come as soon as possible. Mrs. Kiara understood his predicament immediately, especially when she saw on her phone that she had eighteen more missed calls from him.

She informed him that she’d be back home in 30 minutes. Suresh was shaken to the core upon learning that he would have to wait another 30 minutes to use the toilet but he had no other choice than to wait, “Hurry…please! Please! Please! Hurry please!” he cried out, “I can’t hold it, I can’t!” he begged before he walked back home with small but quick steps where Nemali was still waiting for him.

By now, Mrs. Kiara had quickly hailed a taxi and was rushing to Suresh's place. As she arrived, she saw him anxiously waiting at the front of the door, with his bladder swollen to the size of a basketball, "Oh, thank you so much for coming," Suresh said with relief as he saw her, "I really need to use the toilet." He was embarrassed to have to utter such words in front of them, but he was really desperate.

"Don't worry, Suresh," Mrs. Kiara replied, "Let's get you inside first," she hurriedly made her way to the front door, and quickly picked the lock to let them in.

"Oh, thank you Mrs. Kiara…” Suresh said, grappling with his belt as he rushed towards his toilet, the explosive relief just a few feet away from him now. The pressure was finally going to flow out of his exhausted penis, oh he couldn’t believe how badly he had needed this piss and for how long!

He hurried to the toilet, but his relief turned into shock and then into frustration and fury when he found a notice taped to the toilet lid: "DO NOT USE."

"What the...? Oh, my God no..!" his words broke, his hot piss forced to stop on its way out. The workmen had promised him faithfully that all the plumbing in the bathroom would be sorted out before he arrived home but it clearly hadn’t. Suresh wanted to desperately use the toilet and thought for a moment to simply lift the lid and unleash his pressure into it but he controlled himself just barely. He gave himself a moment to compose himself, re-fastening his belt and looking in the bathroom mirror to straighten his tie and fix his hair.

“You can do this” he muttered, looking at himself in the mirror as he crossed his legs tightly. “Just hang on until your toilet is fixed and then you can go. You’ve been desperate so many times before, you have to hold it almost every day at work. You can wait,” he said. He treated himself to one final cock squeeze before leaving the bathroom, fighting a serious urge to urinate, Suresh hurried out of there to call the company performing renovation work on his toilet.

But as he stepped out, Suresh realized that Mrs. Kiara and Nemali were still there, waiting for him in the drawing room, he felt truly embarrassed to even think of letting them know of his predicament but he didn’t know if he could hide it any longer.

“Oh dear, do you feel better now?” Mrs. Kiara asked as soon as she saw him.

"Y-yes, thank you so much, Mrs. Kiara," Suresh said embarrassed as he came out of the toilet without using it, hiding his quandary from the two women.

"Oh, don’t mention Suresh, we're neighbors, and that's what neighbors are for," Mrs. Kiara answered with a smile. Mrs. Kiara then looked at her wrist watch and said, “Please permit me to take your leave now, my friends are waiting for me,” she said with a beam before wishing them both a good night and making her exit.

As she left, Suresh hoped Nemali would leave too because he needed to take a piss but had nowhere to go, and he didn’t want Nemali to know that his toilet was broken. It was utterly humiliating for him and he did not want his colleagues at the office to know of all this.

“I am really hungry do you have something to eat?” Nemali asked all of a sudden as she stood in the drawing room with folded hands, looking around in the hopes of getting something that could satiate her hunger.

“Ah, ma’am a-actually..aahh.. I-I was about to go somewhere,” Suresh began to say, “So, if you could leave…..then…” he felt like he was almost kicking her out, but he was absolutely panicking for a piss and did not have any time to waste.

“Oh, where are you going?” Nemali inquired, curious to know.

“I-I was actually about to go to the store to get some stuff for the kitchen….” he countered with the first excuse that came to his mind.

“Why? Cooking something special tonight?” Nemali asked.

“Y-yes, just thought of having some biryani…” he said crossing his legs tightly, trying to give his penis as much time as he could.

“Oh, I love Biryani!” Nemali beamed, “Would love to taste some of yours” she said.

Suresh’s heart pounded in horror, she was the Chief Financial Officer of the company and it would have been foolish to refuse her request, he had no other way than to agree but he really needed to take a long piss before he started to prepare the dish.

“Oh sure,” he said, trying to control his piss, hoping she would not notice that his bladder was bursting, “Would you excuse me for moment?” he requested her and when she replied with a yes, Suresh hobbled to his bedroom where his telephone was kept.

Suresh rushed to the telephone to call the company performing the renovation work on his bathroom.

"Come on, pick up, pick up," he moaned, grabbing his crotch desperately.

"Hello, this is Alba Constructions, how may I assist you?" he suddenly heard a voice from the other side.

"Hi, yes. This is Suresh. I'm calling because I just got home and I found a notice on my toilet that says 'DO NOT USE'. I was hoping you could tell me what's going on?"

"Yes, Mr. Suresh. I'm sorry for the inconvenience. We had some trouble with the plumbing in your bathroom. The workmen promised that it would be sorted out before you arrived home, but unfortunately, there was a delay."

Suresh while trying to hide his urgency said, "Oh, okay. Do you have any idea when it will be fixed?"

"We're doing everything we can to get it fixed as soon as possible. One of our workmen is still on the premises inspecting the well. Would you like me to get him on the line to explain what's going on?" the customer support executive asked.

"Yes, please. That would be helpful," Suresh said, feigning calmness.

"Alright, I'll patch you through to him now. Thank you for your patience, Suresh."

The line clicked and the workman answered. "Hello?"

"Hello, are you one of the guys working on my toilet?" Suresh asked trying not to sound desperate.

"Yeah, that's me. How may I help you?"

"The notice on the toilet says not to use it, but I was just wondering if everything is okay?"

"Oh, yeah. We had some trouble with the water supply. The pump didn't restart after we switched it back on. We might have to remove the toilet to get your new bath in," the workman replied.

"Oh my God, can't you just fix the pump or something?" he panicked, “Or just get the toilet running for two minutes?”

“I am working on it” the man answered.

"Okay, I see. Is there anything I can do to help?" Suresh asked, trying not to show his discomfort.

"Actually, yes” the man said, “All my men have left for the day and I could really use some help.”

Suresh really didn't want to admit that he was bursting to pee, but he thought to help the man so that he could sort things out and the water supply could finally be restored.

"Sure, what do you need me to do?" Suresh asked trying to stay calm.

“Can you give me a hand with the well cover? I need to inspect it and see if that's causing the issue with the pump."

"Yeah, sure. Let me just grab a flashlight," Suresh said, struggling to hide his need to urinate.

He couldn’t believe that he would have to wait longer to use the toilet but he really needed to piss a lot before he could make the biryani.

As he disconnected the call, Suresh slowly made his way to the drawing room where Nemali was waiting for him, his bladder aching for a massive piss, “I am sorry, Nemali ma’am, but would you mind if I step out for minute,” he said, “I am actually getting my bathroom remodeled and the workman from the renovation company is working in the backyard and needs a hand,” Suresh said.

“Oh, sure, not an issue,” Nemali said casually as she went back to her phone.

Thankful, Suresh hobbled to the backyard of his house with a near exploding bladder and saw the workman trying to fix the issue there, “Hey, how long is this going to take?”

“Well, I hope it gets fixed soon” the workman answered, “Just hold the flashlight for me while I take a look. I’ll get your toilet sorted out as soon as I can."

"Okay, sounds good. Just...hurry, please," Suresh said while gritting his teeth as he did what he was told, fighting a serious urge to pee.

As the workman explained the situation and Suresh helped with the inspection, he did his best to hide his discomfort and not let on that he was desperately in need of a toilet trip.

Suresh struggled as he stood there and almost 30 minutes later Nemali made her way to the backyard, “Hey Suresh, what’s going on?” she asked as she walked towards where they were working, “What’s taking so long?”

Suresh’s eyes widened in shock, he could not let Nemali know of his predicament, “Oh it’s nothing, m-ma’am…”

The workman then said, “I think it is going to take a few days to fix this….”

Suresh could not believe his ears, he felt like he was about to yell at him for disappointing him so cruelly, but he knew he must control his rage in front of the Chief Financial Officer of the company.

“So what am I going to do until then?” Suresh asked desperately, his legs still crossed as he bounced up and down on his knees in agony.

“Well the washbasin and the shower are still working, only the toilet is broken,” the workman reported.

“But where I am supposed to go if I need to take a piss?”

“Oh, come on, Suresh!” Nemali wailed, “You just had a piss didn’t you?”

“Y-yes, ma’am” Suresh said, “Just thought I should ask…” Suresh replied, his urine pinching him inside his penis.

“Well, I must leave for the day now, it is already too late, but I’ll try to fix the issue soon,” the workman said and Suresh had no other choice but to let him go. He looked at the workman longingly as he made his way to the front and started his two-wheeler before leaving.

Suresh’s last hope to urinate before making the biryani was dead.

He thought of asking Nemali to take him somewhere he could use a toilet but he could not risk coming across as this desperate in front of her.

Defeated and bursting, Suresh made his way to the kitchen to cook the biryani, desperately trying to hide his predicament from her. With the toilet right next to the kitchen, Suresh was having a tough time concentrating but there was nowhere to urinate.

“Which biryani are you going to make?” Nemali asked him, suddenly popping into the kitchen.

Suresh, who was struggling not to leak in his underwear, couldn’t think of an answer, “I-I haven’t thought of it yet…ma’am…” he stuttered.

“Oh, you know what?” Nemali said, “I’d love to have some soup before we go for the biryani, I know that is too much to ask, but I couldn’t stop thinking of it when I saw the tomatoes,” she said with an innocent smile, pointing towards the tomatoes kept on the vegetable stand.

“Y-yes ma’am, I’ll just bring it you…” Suresh said, unable to think straight any longer.

“Great! I’ll be waiting!” Nemali said before she made her way out of there and into the drawing room.

Suresh’s need to go to the toilet was so pressing that he was beginning to drip a bit, it was only a few drops into his underwear but it threatened to become an uncontrollable flood and he was desperately trying to control the rest.

Nemali had to wait a while for the dinner. Suresh had promised to cook her a delicious meal, but now that it was taking so long she was starting to doubt whether it was worth the wait.

Inside the kitchen, Suresh was cooking the meal with his legs crossed the whole time, barely holding on to his piss, letting out his fair share of “Oooh’s” and “Aaah’s”

Finally, after what seemed like an hour, Suresh emerged from the kitchen with two steaming hot plates of tomato soup and biryani. He had managed with whatever ingredients he had at home and just hoped she would like the taste. "I'm so sorry for the wait," Suresh said as he served the food to Nemali, "I hope you enjoy the meal."

Nemali slowly took a tentative spoonful of the tomato soup and was pleasantly surprised. It was delicious - the perfect blend of sweet and savory flavors. As she tasted the biryani, she couldn't help but let out a sigh of contentment.

"Suresh, this is amazing," Nemali said, beaming with delight, "You are quite the chef. The flavors are so well balanced, it's hard to believe this was made in a home kitchen. You have a real talent."

Suresh could not have bothered less about the compliments, all he wanted to do was take a piss but he couldn’t think of any place where he could go.

Finally after the dinner, Nemali stepped out of Suresh's house and onto the verandah, turning to face him. As they stood there, she said, "Thanks for the lovely dinner, Suresh. It was really delicious."

Suresh forced a smile, trying his best to act normal, his legs trembling as he quickly crossed his legs, "You're welcome, m-ma’am. I'm glad you liked it…" he winced, bending forward at his waist in agony as he held the door and the wall for support. Suddenly, a hot leak escaped into his underwear before he quickly stopped the flow, his eyes widened in horror of what was happening. He looked down to see if it was visible on his pants but to his immense relief it wasn’t.

“What happened, are you alright?” Nemali asked.

“Y-yes, ma’am,” he responded. His bladder was about to explode. He had absolutely no time left anymore. Suresh had held it for too long but had failed to find a place to relieve himself, he felt really angry and frustrated but he was stuck and there was nothing he could do. He tried his best to wait as Nemali kept uttering words that he could not understand, but then another long leak escaped his penis and soaked his underwear. Shit dammit!

Nemali looked at Suresh and smiled, “You know what? You should come over to my place sometime,” she said, a hint of excitement in her voice. “My cook makes this amazing risotto that you simply must try!”

“Y-yeah, sure,” A new leak escaped and this time a small patch the size of a golf ball formed on the crotch of his pants. Suresh was pissing himself. His face turned red with shame as he tried to end the conversation and close the door before it was too late.

“Great! We’ll have to schedule it soon,” she said, already making plans in her head.

Then all of a sudden, without any warning, the flood gates just opened and Suresh started pissing into his underwear standing right there in front of the CFO of his company. He froze in horror, crossing his legs tighter to stop the flow but it was too late for him now.

He tried his best to keep a straight face as he soaked his undergarment and his pants uncontrollably while the hot piss filled his briefs and ran down his inner thighs, his long cock urinating into his underwear like a fire hose. Oh, the relief was overwhelming but he could not have been more ashamed of himself.

He had wanted his bladder to go back to its normal size, there had been so much ache inside it, filled with so much urine, so much pressure, but he had never thought that it would happen in front of someone so senior from his office.

It was only around a minute later that Nemali noticed what was happening and her eyes widened in shock, “Oh, dear lord!,” she gasped and her words made poor Suresh’s humiliation grow ten-fold.

She covered her mouth in absolute shock when she saw the size of the puddle, unable to even comprehend how he had managed to hold so much inside him.

“What is this Suresh?” she asked, barely able to control her laughter. It was so funny for her to watch a grown man like him wet his pants in front of her. She had not realized he had to go all this while but had thought that he was acting a bit wierd.

Though it had shocked her completely, Nemali had secretly enjoyed watching Suresh’s massive accident at the door step. And though she had offered him a few words of comfort before making her exit, on her way back home, she could not stop smiling at the thought of how big his accident was. As she drove the car, she covered her laugh with her hand and her eyes went wide with shock as she evoked the accident in her mind again and again for her amusement.

Suresh had found it difficult to come to terms with what had happened that evening. He couldn't shake off the embarrassment he felt at having wet his pants in front of the Chief Financial Officer of his company. Though he continued to work with the same passion, his relationship with Nemali became more formal and distant.

He began to avoid her as much as possible, and it was clear that things would never be the same again between them. Suresh's resignation came as a surprise to many, but he knew that he needed to move on from this incident and start fresh. He joined a new company and threw himself into his work with renewed vigor, determined to prove his worth and rebuild his confidence.

As for Nemali, she was sad to see Suresh go, but she understood his reasons for leaving. She hoped that he would find success and happiness in his new job and that they could continue to be friends. Years went by, and Suresh made a name for himself in the industry, earning a place for himself as one of the top sales consultants in the city. He had long forgotten about that fateful evening but deep down, he knew that it had changed him in ways he could never fully comprehend.

Nemali on the other hand had been excited to have witnessed such a hot episode of a man’s big bladdered emergency, it was undoubtedly one of the most memorable moments of her life and she revisited the incident in her mind many times during the coming years for a good laugh when she was alone.

*002*2023-02-24 19:44

{{4 hours ago, Caligula07 said:

That's such great story and suspense! Well done mate 🙌

}}

Thank you so much @Caligula07

That means a lot to me! ☺️ Your comment really made my day!

*004*2023-03-19 02:31

{{9 hours ago, Ra1n said:

This story is so good! definitely one of my favorites on this site. Keep up the good work.

}}

Thank you so much @Ra1n that means a lot to me ☺️

