Sailor Scouts' Struggle

Author: Pondera

*000*2019-03-25 02:31

Darkness, and despair ruled this shadowy dismal place. To any normal mortal being, their skin would be crawling from their first moment of entrance. However, for those who resided here, it was very much comfortable enough to call home. One such being was Queen Beryl who, which referring to herself as queen, was not the one in charge. No, that position fell to an otherworldly being that referred to itself only as “the Negaforce”, with which she was in communion with. Even Beryl did not have a very firm grasp of what exactly this thing was, but powerful, ancient, especially hungry... these were all words that could be applied to it.

“The oracle has decreed that it is time to attack the other dimension; to unleash the power of the Negaforce”, she mused out loud, much to the delight and agreement of the evil spirits around her, “but to do so, I shall require energy. Yes, a great deal of energy. We shall get it from the planet Earth. So, Jadeite, present yourself and tell me of your progress there”

“Yes, my queen”, a deep, smooth voice said, echoing off the halls of her chamber. Her servant appeared promptly in a burst of azure flame, and bowed courteously before straightening. “As we speak, my own servant has projected herself into the material plane, preparing for the operation. I have discovered a very interesting weakness within the humans, and I have taken steps to exploit it. Soon, nothing will stand in the way of the great Negaforce!” Jadeite was able to speak with confidence in this, having observed what great lengths humans went to maintain their dignity and control over their own bodily functions. His research had even led to the discovery of various internet web sites dedicated to the near worship of such things. Even in the unlikely event that his plan failed, perhaps there was still some coin to be made? After all, one must always think to the future.

As if sensing her subordinates distracted thoughts, Queen Beryl spoke up “Do not fail me, Jadeite. I need their energy” in some degree of irritation. Jadeite bowed once more, smiling to himself, and vanished to set his unclean plan into motion.

The peace of the neighborhood was shattered with the ringing of an alarm clock, and the startled squeel of a young girl, swiftly followed by the thump of her falling out of bed.

“Oh no, I'm late for school AGAIN!,” Usagi Tsukino squealed as she got back to her feet. She dashed to her dresser and frantically grabbed her uniform for the day. Long sleeve sailor shirt, knee length navy pleated skirt, panties, bra, and socks all practically flew onto the girl, clinging tight to her mature 18 year old body and obscuring her smooth hourglass figure. It was a mystery to everyone how Usagi managed to stay so fit since she never exercised and was always stuffing herself with cakes and sweets, but mostly, people just shrugged and made some comment about how some folks are just born lucky.

However, her haste to get ready for school, as well as the adrenaline in her veins, had muffled the SOS signals of a rather uncomfortably full organ just below her belly button. It had been filling for nearly 10 hours while she slept, and it's cries to be emptied were left unanswered, even when it was bounced, jarred and punished with a frantic dash downstairs. “Why didn't you wake me up in time for the first bell?!” she demanded of her mother in between wild brushings of her teeth.

Usagi's Mother, Ikuko, sighed. Her daughter always did this. She was constantly sleeping late, and never took anything seriously until the very last minute which prompted this usual wild emergency. “I did, Usagi. Three times, and each time, you said you were getting up right away”. Maybe she could rig up some kind of system to upturn the mattress next time and make SURE Usagi was actually out of bed when she said. Then again, her daughter might just fall asleep on the floor and there went all that effort for nothing.

“And you believed me?!” Usagi challenged back before rinsing her mouth out at the kitchen sink. There! That was the last thing she had to do before she left the house! She was almost out the door! She could make it this time! She could...

“Usagi! Wait! Aren't you forgetting something, dear?” her mother called out, prompting an immediate protest. A protest that was silenced when Usagi noticed her box lunch wrapped and dangling from her mother's fingers. The young blonde quickly snapped it up and whooshed out the door, still frantically unaware of any kind of impending calamity.

The dash to school went quickly, with only a minor distraction to stop a group of bratty children from torturing an alley cat. Though this was of noble cause, Usagi was most definitely the kind of person who could be lured away from a goal by so much as a jingly pair of keys. Blonde moment did not even begin to cover it; this girl lived a blonde life. But not even the threat of animal cruelty could halt her advance as she dashed to school, and arrived just in the nick of time. The final bell for class was ringing just as her butt hit the seat.

“WHEW!” she exclaimed, “I just barely made it!”. A happy grin beamed on her face from her accomplishment, and slowly, as Miss Haruna began to teach class, the adrenaline in her bloodstream began to fade and she became more aware of the conditions of her body.

PANG

She had to bite her lip hard to avoid crying out, but jammed her fingers against the front of her skirt with a sudden surge of motion. She HAD forgotten something, and now, that something was having its due. It was an incredible, almost surreal feeling to go from perfectly fine to hunched over and bursting at the seams in a split second. Once more, a spike of adrenaline filled her veins, but this time, it did nothing to dull the feeling of liquid agony she felt in her belly. There was nothing else for it. Usagi frantically put her hand up, waving it and bouncing her knees urgently in her seat. This was an honest to kami EMERGENCY that took her completely by surprise. But, the bathroom was just down the hall. This could be handled. Nothing to worry about. All she needed to do was get permission to go use it and...

“No, you may NOT leave class,” Miss Haruna snapped. She grabbed a paper on her desk and held it up for the young bursting blonde to see. Corrections, notes, and a great big “30%” were spelled out in angry red marker ink. “You need more studying and less distraction, young lady. There isn't any excuse for failing this exam! I'm going over this material again today, just for you, and you are going to sit there for every minute of it” Usagi's heart sank as her teacher placed the paper on her desk. Not only did she fail an exam she worked really really hard on.... well, okay, maybe she spent the entire night playing video games, but she had her book open on her lap the whole time, honest!

But now, she was being told she was not allowed to use a bathroom when she really, truly needed one! This was bad. What was an emergency before was now an out and out cataclysm as her bladder pulsed and protested, as if it knew that there was no relief coming, and was in open rebellion against its owner. But, what choice did she have? With Miss Haruna watching her like a hawk, and orienting herself between Usagi and the door, she couldn't even make a dash without getting grabbed and sat right back down. This was fine. This was totally fine. She was a big girl, and, even though she likely flunked once again, certainly holding her pee was something that she could do? Least.... she hoped so. An hour and a half was a long time, and already, she didn't think she could sit still or take her fingers away from her desperately full girlhood without an incident occurring.

PANG PANG

This was impossible. It'd only been half an hour and just when she thought her urges couldn't get any worse, the pressure mounted once more. Her bladder throbbed violently, sending spasms of pain though Usagi's poor tortured body, and she squeezed her legs together, hoping that it would stop hurting. Her fingers pressed and kneaded at the front of her skirt, grinding the fabric of her clothes and pure white underwear into her trembling set of lower lips. She was getting to the point where if she didn't clench with all her might, she knew that she would leak and those panties would not remain a perfect pure white for very much longer.

SPURT-PSH

Thinking about it was a BIG mistake, and her stretched, swollen, and bloated bladder took that as a trigger to act upon. A jet of hot liquid warmth jetted from her crotch, and even though it was only for a brief fraction of a second, the feeling of moisture against her virgin puss made holding the rest in orders of magnitude harder.

What was happening to her student was not lost upon Haruna. She recognized the signs; the desperate shiftiness and constant squirming motions, the sound of penny loafer shoes tapping against the floor, the desperate pleading looks Usagi kept shooting her hoping that her supposedly benevolent teacher. However, she wasn't feeling that benevolent today. In fact, she felt downright villainous watching this ditzy blonde struggle and suffer, and felt a sheen of wetness coat the amber lace of her own underwear at the thought that maybe she wouldn't make it. Maybe her muscles would fatigue to the point that they couldn't withstand the pressures behind them, open wide, and give in to the torture; freeing the tension and easing the pain all over her clothes.

SPRITZSSHH

Usagi's condition had degraded to the point that she could feel a teensy tiny puddle under her, dripping from the gusset of her now permanently stained yellow panties and surrounding her butt like a miniature lake, but she was SO CLOSE! Ten minutes. Then she could get up, hobble down the hall, push open the door, dive into a stall and.... oh gosh, she almost thought about it again, and given what happened last time, that could spell disaster. She could feel her bladder holding by a tiny tight metaphorical thread and anything; a sneeze, a stray thought of relief, even so much as a cough could destroy her. But ten minutes was all that she needed to last. It hurt so much. She could practically feel the fibers of her bladder tearing apart under the strain, and could literally see it, bulging from her taut and toned thin belly in the perfect shape of a sphere struggling to take up as much space as it could to accommodate the demands of her sadistic kidneys. But....Just. Ten. Minutes.

DING DONG DING DONG

Her heart leapt when she heard the first four chords of the dismissal bell for her first class, and she was blinded to everything else around her, including Miss Haruna's look of disappointment. Despite the pain, the need, and the swelling and surges of pressure. She had made it! All she needed to do was get up, and...

SPRRIITTSSHHH!!!

Oh gods... she'd forgotten about the change of gravity. For three gloriously horrible seconds, urine raced out of her body. The relief was absolutely indescribable. It was like she was freeing herself from herself, if that makes sense at all. Her eyes glazed over, and for an instant, time stood still. There was only her and the universe...and her bladder, of course. But that ended soon enough with an effort that would qualify as a labor of Hercules: squeezing her leaking peehole shut. It took everything she had, knuckles pressed into her wet puss strongly enough to turn the knuckles white, and her face red with effort and strain, but she managed to get it under control. Usagi knew, however, that that was the LAST time she'd be able to do that without release. The next spike in pressure would be her last.

Not even waiting for Miss Haruna to say anything, Usagi hobbled from the class, her teacher staring at the twin tiny puddles her student had left on the floor and in her seat with an almost predatory hunger. She dashed as quickly as she could down the hall, which wasn't very, and bashed open the door to the ladies' room with her shoulder. Her fingers were the only things holding her floodgates shut, and couldn't be removed under any circumstances unless she wanted an impromptu leg warming. The same trick was used a second time on the stall door, and, upon seeing the toilet, that spike in pressure assaulted the poor girl once more like one of those monsters in a lewd video she had seen when her mother was out of town.

There was no stopping it now. Prevention had just left the building, and triage had taken its place, and she could feel herself peeing full force right down her legs. With a single motion, she yanked up her knee length skirt, seeing a big wet patch all along the front of it, and plopped down on the toilet. Her panties were the true victims here and were bathed in a constant torrent of hot pee. The hiss filled the whole bathroom, and was loud enough that the students outside were rather taken aback by the volume and intensity. This was beyond caring though. Usagi had a reasonably good idea of how the big bang had felt when it went off, and only had enough strength left to close the stall door. Her eyes fluttered closed as her stream finally dwindled after near two continuous minutes of constant urination, and she was exhausted. Truly, she didn't know why she was so tired, but... well, it wouldn't hurt to miss ONE class. It's not like she could pay attention anyway...

“That. Was. Amazing,” Jadeite thought to himself. The results of his plot had exceeded even his most wild predictions. This one girl had given up so much energy, and he, along with his servant, hardly had to do anything! All he needed to do was lurk around to capture what she was surrendering. Queen Beryl would almost certainly be pleased, and so was he. As he retreated back into the Negaverse to turn in his winnings with his spiritual monarch, he had only one thought on his mind “I am going to have to do this again. Very soon. We'll meet again, little blonde girl, but next time, you will not be so fortunate”

*006*2019-03-25 23:52

{{2 hours ago, Saberhagen's B said:

Will there be another part to this?

}}

Yep! This is going to be like a whole story arc, and once it's complete, I'll move on to other writing projects. I'm thinking about 5 or 6 chapters in total.

