Baby Care Class (remixed)

Author: PinkTheDinosau

*000*2017-12-02 03:44

DISCLAIMER!!!!! The original story does not belong to me, this is just a personal remake and updated version of Baby Care Class by wndash2 (link to there page at the bottom) they wrote this story a few years ago, and I liked it at the time. But recently after rereading the whole thing, I realized there wasn't much of a story here besides a guy being tortured for no real reason. So because I like making stories, I began thinking up a story to help fix that problem. If you haven't yet, please go check out the original.

___

Paradise private College, how the hell I wound up going here I don't know. Most of my grades suck, and I barely attended high school anyway. The only reason I'm even going to this college is by some miracle my mother sent in a college application that got excepted.

“Look! You can either go to the school or get the fuck out of my house!” my mom yelled at me the day I said I wouldn't go. "All you do if fuck off and don't work. The only people in this house that get to do that are kids in school, the sick, or the retired!”

I will admit that I may not have been the best son. But hell, having a rare condition that makes you look 4 feet tall will make you hate the world.

I'm not a dwarf, per say, I'm just the first with a new rare genetic disorder that stopped me from growing. I just look like an average person was shrunk down. Heck if it wasn't for the facial hair I have then most people would assume I'm a child. Which has happened to me more than once!

So my mother made me a deal. She would pay for the school, an apartment for me and give me a 200 dollar allowance for food every two weeks if I went. However, I must attend classes. If I miss classes more than four times without a doctor's note, she will cut all ties with me.

So because I didn't want to work yet, I decided to go. Plus who doesn't like going to college parties? So I traveled nearly two states away just for school.

Paradise private College was built a long time ago and was made on top of a large hill. Why they decided on that, I have no idea. Maybe because the rich people who built it meant it only for the upper class at the time.

But thanks to it being on such a large hill a lot of people have to climb a ton of stairs just to get to the school, and for a short guy like me, that's just hell.

One of the thing that came with the acceptance letter was another letter attached saying they were introducing a new program for people and that he was one of the few to start in it. It was a program to help people who didn't have the best grades in high school still go to college, just with a little extra help.

That help was having to get to the school at 7:00 Am, an hour before the school opened, and attend a catch-up class.

By the time I got to the top, I was even more exhausted than when I woke up this morning. Everything was dark outside and very cold. Even with a jacket on, I was freezing. I took a look at my phone that said it was 6:50, well at least I wasn't late.

I walked over to the front of the school and tried to open the doors, but they were locked. What the hell?

“Excuse me? Are you lost?” a woman asked me.

I quickly looked and saw a gorgeous blond hair woman.

“Um ya, I'm William, and I'm here for the catch-up class,” I told her.

“well so am I, I can show you where it is.” the women told me with a warm smile as she pointed in the direction we had to go.

“Thank you, um?” I told her.

“Jen, my name is Jen,” she told me as I followed her around the school and to a back door. “I came here last week and was told where it was. Because it's such a new program, the school placed it in the back.”

I guess that made since I thought as I walked through the door and into a hallway. The hallway was pretty dark with a few dim lights but near the end of the hall was a bright room lighting up the entrance.

I walked over to the light with Jen right behind me. But when I got to the doorway of the room I stopped in confusion as instead of a classroom with a bunch of desks, there was instead what looked like a giant nursery?

“What the heck?” I asked when I was suddenly pushed into the room and Jen locked the door.

“You have no idea how long I waited for this,” Jen said as she immediately grabbed me and lifted me into the air.

I tried to fight back but thanks to my small size I was nothing to her as she threw me onto a table and began strapping me to the table.

“WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING!” I screamed at her before she rubbed some weird cream stuff on my face before large pacifier was shoved into my mouth and strapped to the back of my head.

“Quiet you, babies shouldn't scream,” Jen told me as she lifted scissors into the air and I grew even more scared. So scared that I began to piss my pants. “Aww, would you look at that. The baby had an accident. Well, that's what happens when you don't wear the right protection.”

I had no idea what she was talking about as she then began to cut off my I'm, before throwing them into a trash can. She then proceeded to get out a giant diaper which I began to thrash around after seeing it. But since I wasn't able to get free Jen just taped the diaper onto me with no real difficulty.

Next came two large pink mittens put over my hands. I didn't see what she grabbed next but one at a time Jen unstrapped my arms and legs before putting something on me and restriping me in place. When she finished, she took one last look at me with a broad smile on her face.

Jen then unstrapped me and lifted me up. Agin, I tried to fight, but nothing worked. Jen the put me on the ground beside a large mirror and had me take a look, and I was horrified! I was in a tiny pink baby girl's dress that only covered half of the thick diaper Jen put me in, a pair of white stocking was on my legs, and I was wearing mary jane shoes that were somehow just my size!

Since I haven't had a chance to get a haircut yet, my hair was slightly long. For some reason when I took a closer look all my facial hair was also gone and with everything else just made me look like a girl toddler! I immediately began screaming into the pacifier, but only a muffle came out.

Jen just laughed at the whole thing as she looked at me with a broad smile on her face.

“I think someone must be hungry.” gen said as she picked me up again to re strapped me to the table.

Jen then walked over to a mini-fridge and pulled out a large bottle of milk.

“This will help the baby grow,” she said mockingly as she unscrewed something at the top of the pacifier and attach the bottle to it. “Now drink up sweetie, or I'll have to hold your nose to force you to drink.”

I didn't care what she said, I wasn't drinking it. That is until Jen did plug my nose and forced me to drink just to get air. I was only ¾ done with the bottle when I began to feel full and stopped drinking.

“Come on baby, you need to finish it,” Jen told me as she plugged my nose again and this time didn't let go until the bottle was gone. “Good girl.”

Jen then removed the bottle, and I was panting heavily. I felt like my stomach would burst at any minute. My stomach was slightly bloated, and Jen decided to give it a little rub before smiling at me.

“Alright, that's enough for now," Jen said before unstrapping me and cared me over to a large baby crib where she laid me on my back before taking a large lid and placing it on top of the crib, making it impossible for me to climb out.

Suddenly I heard a loud bell and Jen made her way to the door. I got on my knees and began banging on the crib bars.

"Well, I got to get to class, but I’ll be back to take you to the Baby Care Class!" Jen told me excitedly, before turning off the lights and leaving me alone in the dark, dressed as a toddler.

Thank you for reading ^.^ I much appreciate it! Here's the link to the original story that I hope you check out. https://wndash2.deviantart.com/art/Baby-Care-Class-Part-1-363391183

*001*2017-12-02 07:38

The room was dark except for a single night light close to the crib. For nearly 20 minutes I continually hit the bars to the crib just trying to break them, but they were too sturdy, and my mittens were too soft.

I then tried to stand up but the lid to the crib was too low, and the diaper between my legs made it harder to move without crawling.

Eventually, I just grew tired and laid down. I had a tiny pillow and a blanket that I wrapped myself in. At the moment there was nothing more I could do besides wait.

About 20 minutes later I woke up when the school's bell went off and I wondered how long I was out.

2 minutes later the door to the nursery opened, and Jen came back in turning on the lights.

“Aww was my baby girl taking a nice nap?” Jen cooed at me.

I just glared back at her. But Jen didn't care as she walked over to the mini fridge.

I took this moment to get a good look around. The room was very spacious with the crip near the center of the room.

On one half of the room, there was a changing table, a cabinet, and the mini fridge.

On the other side had a playpen, a large toy chest filled with toys, and a large rocking horse.

"I think the baby girl needs to have more to drink. We need you as full as we can get.” Jen cooed at me as she opened the lid to the crib.

I tried to fight her and push her away, but nothing worked as she pulled the cap from the pacifier and attach the bottle to the pacifier. I wanted to pull it off, but the mittens made it hard to grab and get a grip on it.

“Ok now, you better drink that all by the next class or you'll be sorry,” Jen told me before replacing the lid to the crib and leaving again and turning off the lights. A minute later the bell rang again.

Once again I laid in the crib, just thinking of ways to get out of here. The milk from earlier had settled, and I slowly drank from the new bottle.

At some point, I fell asleep again and was woke up when the bell rang. I noticed I still had a little milk left and quickly downed it just seconds before Jen came back.

“Good job baby girl. You finished your baba!” Jen cooed at me. “But I think you have time for one more.”

Jen then opened the lid and picked me up before carrying me over to the fridge where she pulled out another bottle. I tried to shake my head no, to say I was to fool, and also slightly needed to pee, But she just replaced the bottle anyway.

When I didn't drink however she got mad.

"Same deal, baby girl. Drink all of it, or I'll plug your nose again." Jen told me, and I decided it was too painful when she plugged my nose last time, so I began to gulp as fast as I could.

I was halfway through the bottle when Jen began to look nervous. "Alright, that's good enough. We don't have enough time for anymore."

She took off the half bottle of milk and replaced the cap to the pacifier. Jen then carried me out of the nursery and into across the hallway to another door. This one leading to the main school hallway.

All around us were people walking and talking. More than once I tried screaming at someone to help me but every time they looked at me they just complimented on how cute I looked!

At the same time, It felt like my stomach was going to explode. My already-full stomach was now even fuller with even more milk. I began to wiggle around like crazy, trying not to wet myself.

Finally, Jen stopped in front of a door labeled Family Care room and walked inside.

“Were here Baby girl,” Jen told me as she sat my diapered bottom behind a small play pin before strapping a pink harness around me. She then stood up and walked away, and for a moment I thought this was my chance! I got up and tried to run for the door but was soon pulled back and fell onto my bottom!

I looked behind me and could see the harness was attached to the wall and despite how much I tried to pull I couldn't get loose.

About 5 minutes later the bell rang again. I guess that was just a 15 minute break period between classes. Only a couple of seconds later, students began to stream in through the doors, each looking at me, then glancing away.

I sat here struggling to hold in my need to use the bathroom, even as it got stronger and stronger and harder and harder to hold in.

Once all the students were in Jen got up from behind a desk and greeted everyone.

“Hello everyone! And welcome to our schools special new elective. The Family Care Class, or as I'll call it today the Baby Care Class.” Jen told the entire class.

I noticed a lot of eyes were on me as I still squirmed around trying to hold my bursting bladder.

“Now, as you may know, I'm not a full teacher yet but because of Miss Mages fall a few days ago the school asked me to take over until she gets better. I would like to also like you to meet my little sister Sissy Nellie Farbison!” Jen told everyone as she walked over to me and unstrapped me before lifting me into the air in front of everyone.

With that sudden movement I could no longer hold my bladder, and I let it all out, and almost instantly I felt the diaper on my rear getting extremely heavy, and I looked down to see a thoroughly soaked and yellow diaper on my bottom, dripping all over the place!

