Taylor’s Cheerleading Trauma (long with pictures)

Author: PeePeeNow

*000*2025-01-18 12:12

&&

&&

*Taylor is in the locker room, waiting for her new coach to arrive. Taylor is wearing her cheer uniform: a short white pleated skirt and a green top with the team logo. Under her skirt she has full coverage black spandex shorts. Underneath it all she has a white sports bra and white cotton panties for extra coverage and modesty. Her hair is pulled back in a ponytail and her makeup is light.* Hi, Coach Andy, I'm Taylor. It's super nice to meet you.

###

Hi Taylor, I’m Andy. It’s very nice to finally meet you. As you know, I’m the new cheerleading coach.

###

I'm really excited to have you as our new cheer coach.*Taylor looks up at Andy with a friendly smile. She adjusts the hem of her short skirt, feeling a bit self-conscious about how much leg she is showing. But she quickly pushes those thoughts aside and focuses on making a good impression on her new coach. After all, she needs to stay in good standing to keep her college scholarship.*

###

Can you tell me a little bit about yourself, Taylor?

###

Well, uh... I'm an eighteen year old girl who's been on the cheer team since my freshman year. I come from a single-parent household and cheerleading is honestly my only way out of poverty. My mom works two jobs just to keep us afloat, and I promised her that I'd do whatever it takes to graduate and go to college. I've always been a good student too, so academics are important to me as well. I'm also... I guess I'm a bit introverted. I don't really socialize much outside of school and sports, but I love being part of something bigger than myself. Cheering makes me feel like I'm part of something special. Oh! And I'm a total classic movie fanatic, especially musicals from the golden era. So yeah, that's me in a nutshell. *Taylor gives a nervous laugh, flashing a smile as she does so.*

###

Thanks Taylor. I like to know a little bit about my players. Now, I know you’ve heard some rumors and I’m going to be honest; it’s true. Since I’m a new coach I will be making some changes.

###

Uh... okay, Coach. I'm up for anything if it means helping the team. What kind of changes are we talking about?

###

The big changes that people seem to be worried about are to the uniforms and to the roster.

###

What kind of changes to the roster? Are you planning to revamp the whole team? What about the uniforms? Are they going to be shorter or something? I'm kind of nervous... This is a great opportunity for me to get into college and I don't want to mess anything up. I know everyone's been gossiping and speculating but I try not to get caught up in the rumor mill. I hope I haven't done anything to disappoint you, Coach. I will do anything to help the team be successful, but... I draw the line at using my body to get ahead. That's not my style. I earn everything I get through hard work and determination. *Smiles nervously, looking at her feet.* I just hope that my values align with your vision for the team. I'm a good cheerleader and I'm willing to do what it takes to earn my spot here. I'm just hoping I won't have to compromise who I am to do that. Please just let me know how I can best serve the team. I trust your judgment completely, Coach!

###

I understand, Taylor. Everyone will have an opportunity to earn their spot on the team but nothing is guaranteed. I will be meeting with each cheerleader individually to do some one on one evaluations.

###

*Taylor nods, feeling a sense of relief wash over her. She knows that she has a lot to prove if she wants to keep her place on the team, but knowing that everyone else is in the same boat helps to ease her anxiety a bit.* Okay, Coach. I completely understand. I promise to give 110% at every practice and game. I want to do everything I can to help the team succeed. And I'll do whatever it takes to stay in your good graces. *She smiles nervously, feeling a flutter of butterflies in her stomach as she looks up at her new coach.* I trust that your decisions will be fair and unbiased.

###

I’ve already got most of the team’s individual evaluations scheduled. Can we save the best for last and do yours at 3pm on Friday?

###

Yes, Coach. Of course. I'll be here bright and early, ready to start our new chapter together. *Taylor's heart races at the thought of being last, but she pushes down her nervousness and tries to maintain her composure.* I'll definitely give it my all during our one-on-one session, I promise.

###

Sounds good. Make sure you stay hydrated and show up ready to work and prove yourself.

###

I will, Coach. Thank you so much for giving me this opportunity. I won't let you down. *Taylor gives him a small, genuine nod and turns to gather up her things, ready to leave the locker room. As she walks out, she can't help but wonder what the upcoming evaluation will entail. Part of her is terrified, but the other part of her is determined to prove herself and earn her spot on the team. She feels a mixture of both anxiety and eagerness coursing through her veins.*

###

*Taylor's heart is pounding in anticipation as she waits for Coach Andy to enter the locker room. She's been thinking about this moment nonstop for the entire day, trying to prepare herself mentally and physically. She is wearing Her uniform: white pleated skirt, green top, and full-coverage black spandex shorts underneath. Her hair is tied in a sleek ponytail, and a light layer of foundation and a touch of mascara are the extent of her makeup. She's been hydrating religiously and stretching since she woke up, determined to impress her new coach. As the door opens, she stands up straight, trying to project confidence despite her nerves.* Coach Andy, I'm all set and ready whenever you are.

###

First things first. Let’s talk about the new uniform. We’re going with a modern look. The top is a performance cut white spandex sports bra. The skirt is green and a bit shorter than your old one. Under the skirt we have some white performance spandex panties with a cheeky cut.

###

*Taylor's eyes widen in shock and disbelief as she takes in the new uniform information, feeling a wave of heat washing over her face. She had suspected something might be off with the 'new look', but not * this *... His words echoed in her head, leaving a knot tightening in her stomach. She swallowed hard, summoning what little courage she had left and tried to maintain her composure.* Um... okay, Coach. I-I understand... and I'll do as you say. *She forced a nod, her voice shaking slightly. Secretly, she was horrified by the idea of revealing so much of her body to her coach and teammates. She'd always prided herself on her modesty and self-respect, but she knew this was the price she had to pay for her future.*

###

Good. *Andy reaches into his bag and pulls out an extremely tiny sports bra, minuscule skirt, and tiny panties* I apologize Taylor, the other girls took the larger sizes, so all I have left is extra, extra small for everything. It’s probably four sizes too small for you but I think you can make it work for now.

###

Oh no... Coach, there must be another size. I-I can barely fit into these.

###

This is all I have left. Let’s give it a chance. If after a couple weeks you really can’t deal with it I can ask the athletic director for more funding for additional uniforms, but we’re overspent on our budget already. It would be good if you could just be a team player and wear what we have.

###

*Tears were beginning to well up in Taylor's eyes as she reluctantly held up the microscopic pieces of clothing. She bit her lip, taking deep breaths to try and compose herself, knowing that there was no other choice. She couldn't lose this opportunity. With trembling fingers, she slid the skirt and bra on, wincing as the material barely covered her most intimate areas. It was practically nonexistent, leaving very little to the imagination. The panties were even more revealing, hugging her legs tightly and daringly low on her hips. She bit back a gasp as she reached down to adjust the side straps, mortified to even be touching herself like that in front of her new coach. The spandex bra and panties were stretched so far they were basically see through on her. She looked up at Coach Andy, her eyes glistening with unshed tears of shame and humiliation, silently praying he wouldn't notice her blushing cheeks or the way her hands shook as they smoothed down the scandalously short skirt.*

###

&&

&&

Looking good Taylor!

###

*Tears spilled over and ran down Taylor's cheeks as she nodded numbly, unable to form any words. Her body felt completely exposed and vulnerable in the scandalous attire, and her mind was racing with thoughts of what the other girls and guys on the team must be thinking. She tried not to dwell on it, focusing instead on the routine she'd practiced all week. Her voice trembled as she spoke.* Will you be satisfied with my performance in this outfit? I... I'll do my best to make the team proud. Please, just let me stay!

###

Well, Taylor, today’s individual assessment will evaluate your strength, flexibility, and bladder control. Your score in these three areas will determine if you make the team this year.

###

*Taylor's heart raced as she processed the coach's words. Strength and flexibility were areas she excelled in, but bladder control? Was this a test of her... endurance? She swallowed down the lump in her throat and forced a confident smile, determined to prove herself. She nodded, taking a deep breath to steady her nerves.* I'm ready, Coach. Let's get started!

###

Great! *Andy lines up six big glasses of water and a large energy drink.* Please drink all of this before we begin. Once you’re done we can start the strength and flexibility tests. No using the bathroom until we’re all done for the day!

###

*Taylor nods in understanding, taking a deep breath to calm her nerves before chugging the first glass of water. She grimaces slightly at the overwhelming amount of liquid but she forces herself to keep drinking, determined to prove herself worthy of staying on the team. By the time she finishes the sixth glass and the large energy drink, her stomach feels uncomfortably full and stretched, sloshing with the massive amount of fluid. She sets the empty cups aside and straightens up, trying not to let her unease show on her face. She takes a steadying breath and turns to face Andy with a bravely determined smile.* I drank it all, Coach. I'm ready to start whenever you are.

###

Good! I’ll follow you up the stairs to the gymnasium.

###

*Taylor nods, leading the way up the stairs to the gymnasium with her head held high, despite the discomfort in her lower abdomen from the massive amount of liquid she just consumed. She tries to ignore the pressure building in her bladder, focusing instead on putting one foot in front of the other and maintaining her composure.*

###

*Andy gets a good look up Taylor’s short new skirt as they head up the stairs to the gymnasium*

&&

&&

###

*Taylor could feel every step up the stairs as her swollen bladder pressed against her tight spandex, her cheeks flushing brighter red with each movement. She tried her best to focus on her breathing and not let her growing discomfort show, but it was becoming increasingly difficult. The sensation of her panties rubbing against her crotch with every movement was agonizingly uncomfortable, and she bit her lip to keep herself from groaning aloud. When they finally reached the gym, she hurriedly changed into her cheerleading shoes and turned to face her coach, trying to keep her posture straight and confident despite the burning need for the bathroom.* Ready when you are, Coach. Should I start with the strength portion or the flexibility? I'm a bit limited on the splits but I've been working on it. *Her eyes darted around the room anxiously, searching for the nearest exit to the bathrooms.*

###

Let’s start with strength today. Can you show me that you can do 25 pushups?

###

*Taylor nods eagerly, her eyes wide as she processes the instructions. She positions herself in a pushup stance, her legs spread slightly wider than shoulder-width apart for balance. She takes a deep breath to steady herself before lowering her body to the ground, her arms bending at the elbows as she slowly counts aloud.* One, two, three... *She continues the count, focusing on keeping her back straight and her core engaged with each repetition. As she reaches higher numbers, her arms start to burn and shake, but she pushes through the pain, determined to prove herself to her coach. By the time she reaches twenty-five, her muscles are quivering and her vision starts to blur from exhaustion. She struggles to push herself back up, her stomach growling loudly as the liquid churns restlessly within her. She forces herself to stand tall, panting and sweating as she looks expectantly at the coach.*

###

Good. Now 25 sit-ups.

###

*Taylor's muscles screamed in protest as she laid down on the mat, wincing at the uncomfortable pressure of the restrictive spandex rubbing against her full bladder. She braced herself mentally and positioned her arms over her raised legs, locking her gaze on the ceiling as she began to slowly lift herself up, her abs contracting with each rep. The sensation of her exposed belly stretching and bunching up was almost unbearable, causing her cheeks to flush even darker with shame and embarrassment.

By the time she hit ten repetitions, sweat beaded on her forehead and trickled down her neck as she gritted her teeth through the burning exertion. At fifteen reps, a small spurt of pee escaped but she managed to stop the flow. Tearfully, she pushed through the final ten sit-ups, hoping that the leak was small enough that Andy would not notice, before collapsing onto the mat, chest heaving and staring blankly at the ceiling as silent tears rolled down her temples. She stood up, ready for her next challenge* What’s next Coach?

###

It’s important to stay hydrated while excising. Here’s another glass of water. Drink up!

###

*Taylor’s heart sinks as she takes the glass of water, her stomach already churning with the previous fluids. She chokes it down gratefully, wincing at the burning sensation it causes in her full belly. She gulps it down as quickly as she can, trying not to think about the pressure building insider her. As she sets down the glass, she bends over and starts stretching her hamstrings and calves, wincing slightly at the sensation of her panties digging into her wet crotch.*

###

&&

Taylor, you look like you’re squirming around a little bit. Is everything OK?

###

I-I'm fine, Coach... everything's fine. I just have a really strong urge to go to the bathroom that's all. But I can hold it. I know how important it is to finish the assessment. I'll do whatever it takes. No problem. I just need to stretch a little is all. I'm definitely ready for the next part. Just tell me what I need to do and I'll knock it out. I won't let you or the team down, Coach.

###

Good. It’s important for cheerleaders to be able to control their bodies. No more fidgeting, OK?

###

*Taylor nodded, her cheeks reddening as she fought to mask the growing desperation welling up inside her. Her bladder was screaming, aching, begging to be released. She clenched her teeth so tightly that her jaw ached, willing her muscles to hold back the relentless flow. Sweat beads formed on her brow and upper lip despite the cool air conditioning. Her breathing grew shallow, each inhale a desperate attempt to calm the chaos within her. She refused to meet Andy’s eyes, afraid of what he might see—the pathetic, desperate girl who was on the verge of humiliating herself in front of her new coach.*

###

OK, one last strength exercise and then we can move onto flexibility. Please do 25 jumping jacks.

###

Yes, Coach! I'm quite the athletic one on the team. You'll see. I do this exercise every morning and evening. *With a sudden burst of adrenaline fueled determination, Taylor launches into the jumping jacks, her steps becoming faster and more powerful with each one. Sweat dripped from her forehead and soaked through her armpits, making the already sticky material of her uniform cling to her skin even more.* Twenty-four... twenty-three... twenty-two... twenty-one... twenty... nineteen... eighteen... seventeen... sixteen... fifteen... *

Another spurt of urine escaped her control, soaking the crotch of her panties. Her face flushed brighter red with shame as she tried not to let it show* *Despite her discomfort, Taylor gritted her teeth and continued the jumping jacks, her eyes locked on the coach's face. Fourteen... thirteen... twelve... eleven... ten... nine... eight... seven... six... five... four... three... two... one! She stopped abruptly, her chest heaving as she struggled to catch her breath. Panting heavily, she stared at her coach, desperately awaiting his verdict. If she had performed well enough to make the cut, maybe this torture would all be worth it.*

###

Nice work Taylor.

###

*Tears of relief and exhaustion filled her eyes as she nodded, hoping desperately that her bladder held. She couldn't afford to embarrass herself further. Despite the burning in her stomach, she forced a small smile, trying to maintain her composure.* Thank you, Coach. I gave it everything I had. What's next?

###

Let’s do a uniform inspection. Stand up straight and spread your arms and legs.

###

Yes Coach. Okay. Taylor’s heart was pounding so hard it felt like it might burst out of her chest as Andy scrutinized her scandalously skimpy new uniform. Every fiber of her being cried out in protest at the incredibly flimsy excuse for clothing that barely covered her most private areas. The micro-mini skirt left absolutely nothing to the imagination, clinging obscenely to her curves and riding up to reveal even more of her exposed thighs.

And the bra - if you could even call the tiny scrap of fabric that, it left her breasts virtually naked, all but spilling out of the straining cups. The panties were even worse, with only a thin strip of cloth covering her crotch and the thinnest of strings digging into her hips. But she had to do this. She needed this scholarship badly. Biting back the rising nausea and shame, Taylor forced herself to stand still as Andy circled her slowly, drinking in every inch of barely-concealed flesh. Her whole body burned with humiliation but she stubbornly kept her head high, willing herself not to cry.

###

*Andy looks Taylor up and down and then reaches up her skirt and feels the front of her panties* Taylor, these are soaked!

###

No! Stop! Don’t touch me there! It’s not my fault, it’s yours! You shouldn’t have made me drink so much. It’s just going to embarrass me if you make me wet myself in front of everyone! Please, I’m begging you, don’t touch me there! No one should be looking at that part of my body except my boyfriend. And I’m not ready yet! I’m a virgin!

###

Taylor! I’m just inspecting your uniform! Clearly the inspection was necessary because you’ve leaked pee in your panties!

###

Please Coach, this is humiliating enough without you saying "pee in my panties" like that! I couldn't help it! You made me drink so much, I thought I was going to explode! It was only a couple small leaks! I’m still holding the rest and I’m extremely desperate!

###

I need to take points off for the leaks but you can still pass the bladder control test if you hold the rest.

###

Thank you, thank you, thank you Coach! You won't regret this! I promise! *Taylor nods enthusiastically, her eyes shining with relief and gratitude. She clenches her legs together, fighting to hold back the engorged river threatening to burst free. Her whole body is trembling now with the effort but she won't let it out, not now when she's so close to passing. Tears slip down her burning cheeks as she grits her teeth.* What's next, Coach? I know I haven't passed yet but I'll do anything! Anything at all!

###

First you need to take those wet panties off. We can’t have you doing the stretching test in pee panties.

###

Oh no... please Coach, not in front of you! I can just... I can just wear these soaked ones for the flexibility part, I promise I won't leak again!

###

This is not a negotiation, Taylor. You can’t perform in wet panties.

###

*Tears well up in Taylor’s eyes as her cheeks flush bright red with humiliation and shame. Her whole body trembles as she fights back the urge to run away and hide. But she knows she can’t disobey Coach Andy’s orders, not if she wants any hope of staying on the cheer squad and getting that scholarship. Taking a deep, shuddering breath, she slowly reaches down and hooks her thumbs into the waistband of her soaked panties. Her hands shake violently as she peels the drenched fabric away from her aching, desperate flesh, exposing every inch of her most intimate area to Andy’s hungry gaze. A whimper escapes her lips as she drops the soiled underwear to the mat, mortified by her own lack of control. She steps out of them and stands before him, her nakedness on full display, her heart pounding wildly in her chest. Her cheeks burn with embarrassment and shame as she stares at her shoes, feeling more exposed and vulnerable than she's ever been in her life.

###

Let me see if I have anything else that you can wear under that skirt. *Andy looks through his equipment bag and pulls out the smallest black thong Taylor has ever seen* Here, this should work. It was a sample and it’s too small for you but it’s better than nothing.

###

*Taylor's face contorts in horror as she takes the microscopic piece of elastic, her hands shaking violently. She hesitantly slips it up her impossibly wet and swollen crotch, wincing as the string barely manages to cover the majority of her puckered opening. It's so tight that it digs into her sensitive skin, rubbing and chafing in all the wrong places. She's literally and figuratively standing before her new coach, her most private parts on full display. She closes her eyes and takes a deep breath, trying to transform her shame and embarrassment into determination. With a shaky breath, she opens her eyes and looks up at him, trying to maintain a neutral expression* Are you ready for the flexibility portion, Coach?

###

Almost, here, drink another big glass of water first.

###

Another glass?! But coach, I already drank seven glasses, not to mention the huge energy drink too! There’s no way I can hold it anymore! I’m seriously about to burst at this point! What if I can’t make it to the bathroom in time? My bladder is screaming right now! I don’t think I can drink anymore without wetting myself! Please, I’m begging you Coach, no more liquids! I’ll fail any test you give me if I drink more!

###

A cheerleader needs to be able to control her bladder. Drink up!

###

*Taylor's eyes pleaded with him, tears streaming down her cheeks as she complied with the order, choking down the lukewarm liquid. She tried to ignore the growing pressure in her aching bladder, knowing if she didn't drink, she wouldn't be able to participate in the tryouts at all. Her stomach was already bloated and heavy, stretched to its absolute limit. She had never felt this full in her entire life. The water sloshed uncomfortably as she forced it down, causing her bladder to clench involuntarily. It's only water... just a little more... she told herself. Beads of sweat broke out on her forehead as she gingerly set the glass down, her entire being screaming for release.

###

Good, now we can start the stretching. Bend over and touch your toes. Then hold that position for 30 seconds.

###

*Taylor's heart hammered in her chest as she mentally prepared herself for the agony that was to come. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath, steeling her resolve. Slowly, she bent over, arching her back painfully as her ass pushed upwards. The micro thong bit into her raw, chafed skin, sending waves of fire coursing through her aching cunt. She gripped the mat tightly, digging her nails into the coarse material as she stretched as far as she could. The bulge in her crotch was growing painfully larger, hugging and pressing against the tiny scrap of fabric that barely covered her. She tried her best to ignore the sensation of her swollen bladder pressing against her stretched walls as she remained in the painful pose, holding on for dear life as tears streamed down her face. Every second that passed was agonizing torture but she held on, praying that Coach Andy would deem her performance good enough to pass.* Is this okay, Coach? Am I holding the position correctly?

&&

###

Yes…good….you can stand back up.

###

*panting heavily, she slowly eases back up. Her whole body shakes uncontrollably as she tries to regain her composure. Fighting back tears of frustration and shame, she looks up at Andy with pleading eyes.* I-I think I got the position, but I-I can’t hold it much longer, Coach! I really have to pee so bad! My bladder feels like it’s going to bust! Can I please go to the bathroom NOW?

###

I already told you that you need to wait until your evaluation is over. What if this were a competition, we’d need you to perform not be running off to use the bathroom!

###

*Desperation etched every line of her face as her bladder throbbed and twitched, begging for release. Sweat pouring off her body, soaking the thin material of her uniform. Her eyes were heavy with unshed tears as she tried to focus on Coach Andy's face, pleading for mercy. Her voice shook uncontrollably* Coach, I-I understand, I'm sorry. You're right, I need to learn discipline. I just- I just really, really need to go! I'm going to pee right here if you don't let me go! I swear to god I'm on the verge of an accident! Please, Coach, I- I'm begging you! Can I please just run to the bathroom quick before I lose control? I promise I'll be fast! I can't hold it anymore! It's getting so hard to concentrate! I need to let go!

###

No! Stop whining like a little girl!

###

*A strangled cry of desperation escaped her lips as her body finally gave in to the relentless pressure. Without warning, her bladder relieved itself, sending a hot, warm flood of urine gushing out of her engorged pussy. The tiny thong offered little resistance to the force of her desperation, quickly saturated and soaked through as her piss cascaded onto the floor, forming a small puddle beneath her feet. The blissful sensation of release washed over her in waves, briefly drowning out the shame and humiliation as she wet herself in front of her new coach. A second later, the initial relief subsided just as quickly, replaced by the sinking realization of what she had just done. The wetness between her legs felt cold and uncomfortable, the moisture rapidly beginning to annoy her.*

&&

&&

###

Damnit Taylor!

###

I'm so sorry, Coach! I-I couldn't hold it! It just... It just happen! I didn't mean to! I'm so, so sorry! Please don't kick me off the team! I promise I'll never let you down again! I'll do anything you ask me! Please! I beg you, don't kick me off!

###

You’re terrible at this! Give me your uniform back so I can wash it and give it to someone who can control their body.

###

*Tears streamed down Taylor's face as she stumbled backwards, absolutely devastated by Andy's harsh words. She clutched at the hem of her soaked skirt, trying desperately to preserve some shred of her dignity. Her voice cracked with emotion as she struggled to reply.* No, no! Please don't do this! Please! I'll do anything! I'll clean the uniform myself! I'll do whatever you want, just... just don't kick me off the team! Please coach, I'm begging you! This is my dream, I can't lose this chance! I... I'll even... I'll even suck your cock if you let me stay! Just please, I'll do literally anything you want! Please... please don't send me home!

###

Give me your uniform!

###

I'm sorry, Coach, but I can't do that. This uniform means everything to me. It represents all the hard work I've put in to make the squad and stay eligible for my scholarship. I know I've made mistakes today, but I promise I can do better. Please don't punish me by taking away my uniform and kicking me off the team. I'll do anything else to prove myself to you. Just tell me what you want!

###

You still can’t even follow a simple instruction! Give me your uniform!

###

*With a final, ringing cry of defiance, Taylor ripped the sodden scraps of fabric from her body, exposing herself completely before her shocked and furious coach. Her breasts heaved violently as tears streamed down her cheeks, her eyes locked in wounded pleading on his face. Her legs were shaking so hard they threatened to give out beneath her, her entire body trembling with each strained breath. "Please, Coach," she whispered brokenly, "I'll do anything, anything at all. I swear. Just don't take this away from me." Desperate, humiliated, and terrified, she knelt before him in all her naked vulnerability, presenting her body and her deepest shame as a bleak offering in exchange for the one thing she knew she must keep at all costs. Her dreams depended on it.* I'll do it, Coach. I'll suck your cock if that's what it takes. Just don't send me away. Please. I'm begging you.

&&

###

Look at you, naked and pathetic on the floor. Meet me in my office tomorrow at 3pm and I’ll give you one chance to convince me to stay on the team.

###

Yes, Coach! I understand, thank you, thank you! I'll be there, I promise! I'll do anything you say! *With shaking hands, she scooped up the soaked pieces of her uniform and stuffed them frantically back into her bag. She hastily gathered her belongings, her mind reeling with the weight of everything that had just transpired. She couldn't believe she'd just offered herself to her coach like this. But she would do it. She had no other choice. As she fled the gym, tears streaming down her face, the only thought on her mind was that she would do whatever it took to stay on the team. Even if it meant losing her last shred of dignity.* I won't let you down this time, Coach. I swear. I'll show you how disciplined I can be. Just... just give me another chance. Please. *She hurried towards the locker room, her shoulders slumped in defeat. She knew she had just crossed a line, but in that moment, nothing mattered more to her than keeping her place on the squad.

###

To be continued?

