Rihanna's Problem

Author: Pain

*000*2016-04-19 16:04

Wrote this a while back on a request, please don't judge . Just wanted to share it here.

Rihanna felt her bladder filling up as she took another slurp from her beer bottle , laying back on the couch and watching people dance.

The dim club lights gave her a feeling of uneasiness and nausea. Unlike her friends she wasn’t in a mood to party.

A mild headache was keeping her down and all she wanted to do was drink until she forgot about it.

She sat up straight to feel more severe twinges coming from her bladder. It would have been wise to use the toilets.

RiRi stood up from the couch and with unbalanced steps made her way to the ladies. The loud thumping music was making her headache worse, she wanted to go home.

“Great!” she let out an annoyed sigh as she saw almost a dozen women standing outside the ladies’ toilet, waiting to get in so they could relieve themselves.

Not wanting to stand there, the singer turned around and walked back to the bar. She bought herself another bottle of beer before going back to the couch.

She couldn’t help but feel tired after an entire day of work. Her eyes were growing heavier with the exhaustion that she was feeling.

Within minutes she emptied the beer bottle in her hand. Her bladder throbbing now. She crossed her legs to subdue the building pressure.

Her head felt so heavy and she could barely keep her eyes open. It was all swirly and hazy, Rihanna was not even able to make out what was going on around her. She was not in her senses anymore, her eyes forcing themselves to be closed.

There was no understanding or realization, just sharp disco lights, deafening music, drugs and a lot of alcohol.

Rihanna too let herself just go with the flow and soon enough ,she passed out on the couch after downing multiple shots of tequila that one of her friends had brought in .

She had been under a lot of stress of late. Piles of work added up with the very public break up she had with Chris had really taken a toll on her.She needed some time to relax ,to unwind, to recollect herself. The last few months had been really hard on her and she wanted to really think about where her life was heading .

2 hours later when she woke up , her headache had reached a crescendo but there was another sensation that immediately caught her attention. She had to pee, bad.

RiRi held her swollen bladder as she stood up from the couch, the waistband of her jeans cutting into her protruding abdomen.

She couldn’t imagine how much she must be holding for her bladder to hurt this much. She rised from the couch and started walking towards the toilets, cupping her bulging bladder. Each step she took towards the toilet made her wince in agony. She couldn’t deny herself from bending forward a bit as she walked.

“Fuck!” Rihanna gasped to find out that the line for the ladies loo hadn’t subsided, if anything then it had grown even longer.

She clenched her fists and rubbed her thighs as she thought about what to do next. She was getting desperate to pee.

An incredible amount of pressure had built up in her bladder, something like she had never felt before. Of course she had been desperate to pee many a times in her life but this was something else. Maybe the alcohol was playing her.

Rihanna stood there for a while , shifting from foot to foot and rubbing her thighs together.

With the number of women standing outside the toilets, it was easily gonna take more than half an hour for her turn to come and she wasn’t sure if she could wait that long.

In utter hopelessness, she unbuttoned her jeans to give already swollen bladder more room to grow, not bothering about attracting glances from the people around her.

She didn’t care about who saw her like that, she was willing to do anything to help herself hold on till she got to a toilet.

She looked down to her insanely bulging bladder and caressed it with her left hand. It was like a bomb filled with urine, threatening to explode if not diffused in time.

Even after a few minutes the line hardly moved any further. RiRi was beginning to panic.

She couldn’t believe she had to pee so badly. Never before in her life had she been so desperate for the loos.

She was unsure if she’d able to make it at this rate. Without wasting much time she made a decision, she was gonna drive around and look for any public loos in the area.

She hurriedly walked up to her friend to inform that she was leaving, “I am heading back…” Rihanna stated as she held Kathy’s elbow.

“Why? So soon? Stay… we’ll dance!” Kathy shouted as the extremely loud music made it anything nearly impossible to hear.

“No I have to pee… I am going to look for any public loos here around…” Rihanna replied , holding her bladder.

“What?! No! Stay!”

“You don’t understand … it’s really urgent”, the singer answered before she started walking towards the door in haste, not waiting any longer to listen to what Kathy had to say.

Her heels made it even harder to walk to the parking lot. It was one of those days when Rihanna had decided to drive herself around even though she had a chauffeur standing at home.

She was regretting every bit of her decision now. Driving while dying to pee didn’t sound enjoyable at all.

She kept pulling the waistband of her jeans up to apply much needed pressure on her wee hole and she also gave her crotch multiple squeezes on her way to the car.

Once behind the wheel, she crossed her legs tight and gave herself a moment of composure. She was not ready for this, but there was no other choice.

Soon enough she was on the road , her legs shaking with the effort it took to hold back her pee.

Rihanna took deeper breathes to help herself calm down.

She had to pee so bad, she wasn’t even able to think straight.

She frantically looked at both sides of the road to see if there were any loos around but she couldn’t find one.

Ten minutes into the ride, Rihanna was growing more restless and impatient. The pressure in her bladder was insane and there was no way she could keep it in much longer.

Her breathing grew quite spars as she reached the end of her ropes.

Her bladder was bursting , and if she didn't pee in the next couple of minutes her jeans were going to get soaked from crotch to ankles .

She grabbed her crotch with her free hand as she fanned her knees. Oh god, she was so close! How did she get herself into this?

Just then a wave of horror ran through her body as she saw red and blue lights flash in her rear-view mirror.

“Oh fuck! Not now!” she wailed. She had been speeding, doing nearly seventy in a twenty-mile-an-hour limit, but she didn't have much choice. She was in such a desperate hurry to get to a toilet.

She reluctantly pulled over , trying to calm herself down.

Gasping in frustration, Rihanna pressed her crotch as she watched the cop dismount from his bike. After what felt to her like an eternity, he finally started towards her car. She watched his relaxed, leisurely approach in her side mirror, longing to shout out at him, "Will you hurry the fuck up!?" She rubbed herself hard in anticipation of having to remove her hand in a few seconds and relying solely on her already fatigued muscles to maintain control.

She knew the cop would let her go when he finds out that it was her who was driving the car. She was a star after all, no cop would ever dare mess with her anyway.

“Oh its you..!” the cop said, looking at her through the open window, undeterred by her identity, "Do you know why I pulled you over?".

Rihanna was actually a bit taken aback to realize that the cop didn’t care about who she was. This was for the very first time that she was being treated as a common civilian in so many years.

"Yes. I was speeding. But I--?" Rihanna responded, worried.

"Yes,you were well over the speed limit and I am afraid I cannot let you go without giving you a speeding ticket.”

I know, but I'm really in a hurry."

"Who isn't," the cop countered rather brashly, turning the pages on his pad with awful slowness. Rihanna wanted to just scream at him to hurry up. "Let me see your license and proof of insurance."

"Listen," RiRi sighed, her tone rather desperate. "I was going so fast because I seriously need to use the bathroom.

Please let me go, please…". She began fanning her knees more vividly together to make the point and saw the cop observing her deliberate action.

"Mam ,licence and proof of insurance please..," he repeated sternly.

"Okay…" she agreed, realizing that the sooner she got over with it the sooner she could get find a loo.

She picked up her purse from the passenger's seat and began shuffling through the contents. There was a lot of stuff crammed in there that it had become almost impossible to find anything, especially when she was in such a hurry.

After what felt like eternity, she managed to find her driving license and handed it over. The cop began inspecting it while she continued searching for her proof of insurance. Where the hell was it? It had to be here!

RiRi examined the contents of the purse twice, then finally in desperation she emptied them out onto the other seat and began spreading them out with her hand. She groaned aloud in agony as she tried to keep her sphincters closed. The pressure was incredible and she could feel her pee slowly drawing closer to the exit.

Unconsciously , she replaced her other hand between her legs and pressed on her crotch as hard as she could. Then, suddenly remembering the cop, she felt her cheeks burn with embarrassment.

"Listen," she said, "I can't find my insurance stuff. I must have left it at home, but please can I use the restrooms before anything else , I’m about wet myself…" Rihanna moaned in pain, a drop of sweat running down from her brow.

With a single shake of his head, the cop took a step back and motioned her to get out of the car. "Please step out of the vehicle, ma'am," he instructed her.

"Oh no, please. I can't," she began to protest.

"Step out of the vehicle, ma'am," the cop repeated, seriousness boiling in his tone. No please this time. Rihanna saw the seriousness in his voice and the way he was looking at her. He really meant it. She would have to get out.

Rihanna released her safety belt and pulled on the door handle. She placed her feet out of the car and prepared herself for what was to come. As she tried to stand up, she felt a jet of pee gush out into her panties. She bent forward, crossing her legs and squeezing her thighs together. It stopped, but even the slightest jolt would start her wetting herself again.

"Oh no," she cried out, her face red hot with embarrassment. "Please, I...oh," she said disjointedly.

Unmoved by her predicament, the cop said, "I want you to stay out of the vehicle until I hand over a ticket to you ma’am."

"Please," Rihanna whined again. "I'm peeing in my pants."

"Please ma’am," the cop repeated.

Keeping her legs crossed, she stood there as instructed, unable to think of a way to take the unbearable pressure off her badly distressed bladder.

Suddenly ,she felt another hot stream burst into her panties . Rihanna gasped as her eyes widened in horror.

She was about to wet herself and that too on the side of a busy road! She just couldn’t imagine the kind of headlines it would make the next day and not to mention the unbearable humiliation. She was a celebrity and there was no way she could let herself be seen in such a vulnerable state.

“Please let me use the loos, I am going to have an accident..” she cried out in one last ditch effort , but her plea fell on deaf ears.

The cop hardly cared who she was , and he certainly wasn’t in a mood to let her go.

A fresh wave of pressure ran through her bursting bladder making her gasp and cross her legs even harder. Bouncing on her closed knees a bit. She was on the verge of losing it, and she knew it.

Despite doing everything in her power to wait, and neglecting repeated warnings from the cop to stay still,Rihanna felt a tiny stream of pee slowly escaping into her already damp panties. She struggled with every ounce of her strength left in her body to stop the leak, but her deliriously tired sphincters refused to obey. She was trying her best not to lose control in front of the cop but her muscles were too tired to hold back all that pee any longer.

Even when she knew she had no hope of making it now, Rihanna just could not just let it go in her pants. She was going to fight it till the last.Her bladder felt so heavy inside her, as if it was holding liters of pee.

She fought on for another few minutes, bouncing on her knees, grabbing her crotch and crossing her legs tight.Whatever she did, the meager stream continued, gradually gathering strength until, finally, she could feel it traveling down her inner thighs.

Rihanna gasped in horror as she looked down and saw the tell-tale streaks of wet on the legs of her jeans, and watching in shock as they spread down towards her trembling knees. She could also feel the wetness gathering around her crotch and spreading across her butt. She had fought so hard and lost.

In despair, she finally relaxed her sphincter and let go. The warmth flooded her jeans and the demin turned dark as her pee flooded down her legs. She watched it run down the tops of her feet and spill over the edges of her heels, wriggling away across the blacktop as she went on peeing and peeing and peeing.

When, at last, the torrent turned into a trickle and then stopped altogether, the singer straightened up and stood there with eyes closed, refusing to acknowledge any passersby who had seen her accident.

Tears began to roll down her cheeks. She couldn’t believe she had lost control and wet herself in public.

She held her face in shame and despair, unable to stop crying.

The cop unmoved by her accident handed over the ticket to her.

She paid the fine, before hopping into her car and slowly driving off home.

Atleast she didn’t need to hurry now.

THE END

###

Here are my other celebrity stories if anyone is interested-

Bollywood Calling

Celebrity Saga

Celebrity Saga 2

Ticket to Hollywood

Ticket to Hollywood 2

/ Ticket to Hollywood 2 [Alternate End]

Bollywood Calling 2

*002*2016-04-19 17:06

{{:

Nice story.

Can you make one about Taylor Swift?

}}

Thank you for the kind words.

My friend Frostyjr2 has already written a story with Taylor Swift, I hope you enjoy it! - TAYLOR AND ME (The Long And Short Of It)

*004*2016-04-19 17:21

{{:

I have a suggestion.

How about Selena Gomez?

}}

I'll try and I can do Taylor Swift if you want.

*009*2016-04-20 14:57

{{:

That was so good ^__^

}}

Thank you Minervafan!

{{:

Superb story, I loved it, can't wait to read the next ones.

}}

Thank you so much for the humble words Gemmy, it means a lot.

{{:

Love all the stories Pain. Always a favorite Author of mine here on the site ^_^ Keep up the fantastic work!

}}

Wow, JZshark, thank you so much. It is wonderful to know you like my novice attempts at writing!

