The cinema story... and the punishment for it.

Author: Ppppp

*000*2023-09-23 06:33

Before I start my story, an short introduction. I have account here for many years, but this is the first longer form I'm writing. There are two main reasons:

- I'm non-native, so I was always afraid of, and/or thought too big effort to make the language correct enough

- I'm not entirely on par with omo profile. For example peeing in clothes doesn't turn me on that much. I'm rather into bathroom control, being desperate, peeing in some orginal ways. But also "soft BDSM" - master/slave relations, controlling, getting permission to use toilet etc. And also connecting listed things with sexual behaviours. Following fiction contains mix of it all, but I hope you will enjoy. You have been warned 😉

- I am also DL (rather not AB, DL only), practicing aswell, but it won't be this time I write about it 😉

***

The rules were simple and the usual ones. I can tell them to my master if he woke me in the middle of the night. The rules we both enjoyed, and which for me were mercyful from my master. But today I was a bit annoyed, because I was already in a hurry to left the home, so when he wanted me to recite them..

...YOU are already begging for punishment, YOU cannot think of your master as "him", YOU have to use "Master" title even in your thoughts!

...my brain already reminded me my first offense today. So I was already annoyed when my Master wanted me to...

- Come on, tell them now!

- Yes my Master. I cannot use toilet without writing to you and asking for permission before I start going there. You must let me go.

- Ecxeptions?

- Because my Master is good for his slave partner who teaches at high school, he lets me use bathrooms at school without asking.

- I like this answer. This is not all the rules yet.

- In emeregency situations, when I'm bursting so much I decide to visit bathroom on my own, I must write to my Master when sitting on the toilet before releasing any pee. Doing it already means punishment for me, but even so I must wait the whole minute if Master writes anything back. I can release my pee if he doesn't, and I must follow his orders if he does.

That was the part I hate most. Imagine sitting on the toilet, dying from your bladder, and having to keep this pee inside. And it was not minute, it was longer, even 2 minutes if I had bad luck! Because term "whole minute" meant, that I could start peeing when clock on my mobile showed 2 minutes later than the message that I am sitting on the toilet.

- Good girl. Have a nice day in the cinema then.

- Master, can I...

- Yes you can talk to me.

- I am glad you remember that I take my teenagers to the cinema today. I was thinking, maybe we can extend the school-exception rule for cinema toilets just today?

- Of course not. Why it even came to your mind?

- Because you know my bladder is kinda upredictable, and I just don't want bunch of highscoolers seeing his teacher swirling or pee-dancing...

- You are exactly right. It means you have to manage your bladder well.

- Please, maybe you at least let me go if it needed it during movie...

- This conversation is over. You are overusing my kindness that I allowed you to speak free.

Fantastic. So I have to restrict my drinking before the movie or honestly it would make no sense, I'll have to use my phone in cinema room to ask him my Master anyway...

***

- Thank you Mrs Laura, we are grateful for today movie!

- Oh c'mon guys, it is rather not the first time your class is being taken to the cinema 🙂

- Yes, but it's hard to make our principal let us go to latest blockbuster. He usually pushes that the movie has to have some "value" stuff...

- It was this time aswell. I've told him as mechanical school you would watch car culture and mechanical work on big screen!

- Hahaha did he believe it?

- Hahaha do we go to latest F&F?

- Indeed. You're great Mrs!

***

- This is for you Mrs Laura!

- Oh, why did you buy me large coke?

- We already said you're great, please take it.

Not good, not good. Taking half-litre coke before the movie was asking for problems... Even more, as I had a cup of tee before leaving home and some water when waiting for the class at school. Damn I could asky my Master for toilet permission right now, but I don't feel any urge... And don't even think that way!

Come on, you liked your last punishment crazy. And you are aroused last days for being you'r Masters girl. You want to beg him to use the toilet when in real need and you know you want deserve to another punishment too.

This was all absolutely not true. This is why I started to sip my large coke fastly even before we eneterd the screen room...

I was dealing with my bladder actually better than expected. I forgot to check how long the movie is, but it seemed like not that much left. My Master didn't like it when I asked him for toilet when not being quite full... Hmm what to do. Ask him now or wait for the movie to the end? I AM going to need peeing before we left the cinema. I didn't finish my coke yet and I'm goign to. How much time would I have after it ends? Do we even cross the toilets another time when exiting the screen room? Let's see what time is it...

And then I dropped the phone on the floor. I bent down to look for it and take it back... and before I went back up, my bladder just started. Goooood I will explode within few moments! I rushed to the toilet. Oh, the one in this cinema was good for me! No cabins, but toilet seat and wash basin behind the door. Good, good. Damn, I had to write to my Master...

I've told you, you wanted punishment straight from the morning! You are excited for good shagging and some embarassement before!

- Master, I'm really sorry, but I am already sitting on toilet. I know this wil mean punishment for me but I've just exploded. I follow our rules and write to you and wait a full minute...

Sent. 9:57. At 9:59 I can release everything. I will worry later. Now this terrifying minute and then it's time to relax...

- Stop. Tell me how you did it. Don't pee yet.

Why did you finish in the toilet without my permission? What's the story?

Foooook I hoped this over-minute will just pass. Damn I am realy bursting.

- Master, I am really bursting, can I go first?

- Are you aware that writing anything other that information I request is actually extending your time before I let you pee?

He was writing fast. He is on computer. Damn it probably means he is talkative mood.

- My students gave me large coke to say thanks for bringing them here. Damn I will burst. I promise I will. I didn't even finish it yet.

- Coke is brave for you.

- Yes I know. I should pee before the movie, but I didn't feel I need to... Master can I pee? I'm sitting on the toilet.

- Not yet. You said you didn't finish your coke. Where is it now?

- Standing on the floor next to me. OMG I have taken it to the loo without even realising it.

- Standing inside the cabin?!

- Master, no cabins here. One toilet seat and wash basin inside the bathroom. Coke is standing next to where I sit.

- How much of it has left? Send me pic.

Damn he is going to play with me before he let's me pee.

I had to move up from toilet seet to reach the coke. I hate doing it when I'm bursting. I've opened the top cover and make a photo of how much remained. Well, much less than I thought, which means solid portion of it was now pushing my bladder to it's absolute limits.

- Not that much left?

- Yes my Master. I have drink a lot of it.

- I will tell you now what you do. Remember I am fully in charge, no objections will be tolerated. You won't start untill you read all you have to do.

Pee into this cup between 2-5 seconds. You choose. But choose wisely, because next thing you do is to drink the whole content of the cup. You will record everything with your phone and sent to me. You will wait on the toilet after that for my answer.

Damn it, having Master who is turned on by peeing. He loved to pee on me, he loved me peeing in front of him, and he forced me to get used to pee in my mouth, his or mine aswell. And how I stop my pee after few secs when I'm bursting that much?

I took my phone and start recording. In second hand I had my cup with rest of coke. I had to move my butt up front a little so my pee would enter the cup, not the toilet. I had to spread legs to take my cup to my pussy, and right on time I've catched my pee into the cup. Relief was so great that it took me a while to realise I had to stop. I think 3 or 4 secs passed, and maybe another 1 or 2 before I tighthen my muscles. This was the feeling I absolutely hate, stopping pee when so in need. Damn, I made audiable moan! And I won't keep for a long! Fuck now I have to drink it. But could be worse, it's coke with only little addon of pee after all... and it only became a little warm, barely able to fell it with hand.

No time to contemplate. I will burst again within a moment. I took the whole content of my cup at one time. Pee flavour was noticeable, but sweetness from coke was covering it pretty decent. I finished my cup, I finished recording and just sent it to my Master. At the moment, I was seriously pissed - I laughed in my head when I realised this wordplay - because I just wanted a relief and I expected he will play with me more.

- Good girl. It's obvious you re dying to pee, no need to ask. I see thumbnail on my screen, I know you did what I requested. Since you have empty half litre cup in your hand, pee into it. Make another recording and sent it to me. After you finish peeing wait for what I write next.

Damn please tell me no more pee drinking...

I did as Master told me. I always do. I've spread my legs again and relax. Half litre was quite a lot for me, but not enough that I don't have to pay attention to overfill it. So I was looking on my phone screen if I'm recording it properly and into the cup if I can continue, but even then I felt soo desired relief. I had to stop as the cup became full. I sent recording to my master.

- Put the cup onto the floor. Are you completely relaxed?

- No my Master, I still have some more pee to release.

- Wait.

- Ok I have watched both your records. Good girl. Now. Stand up from the toilet seat. You will bring rest of your pee home. Pour your cup to wash basin, wash your hands, get rid of cup and go back to screen room.

- Thank you Master my ass, he exercised me as hell,

- You are aware, I will continue your punishment at home, right?

- I will do whatever you want Master.

***

If it gets positive feedback I will continue and write what happened at home 🙂 For now, I hope you enjoyed 🙂

*002*2024-02-11 09:19

The long awaited part 2 🙂 Travel back home with a plot twist

###

- Master, I am at school atm. Just wanted to make sure, I can pee at school as our usual rule stands, right?

- Scroll up your phone. What did I written to you when you were in toilet during the movie?

- Master...

- Answering to "You will bring rest of your pee home."; Have you lost you ability to read or you just want to make me mad? And two lines down you told me you'll do whatever I want. Not like you had to ensure me about it, because it's your thing anyway.

- Master please, maybe you'll let me pee just a little in loo here?

- Tell me about where you are and what you are about to do next.

Damn, I 'love' to typing into my phone when I'm bursting. He knows it. He does it on purpose. He's already upset that I'm asking him for pee.

- I am at school atm, but the day ended and I'm free to go. I am visibly desperate. My next thing is to drive home. Master, you must consider that I have half-an-hour drive to do, and it's possible for me to have accident in my car without having even small pee there.

- You are missing one important information slave, where exactly are you at school and what are you doing? I hope you didn't go to toilet without permission second time a day?

- No, no.

- Stop typing. This is not the way I want you to write your answers for me.

Foooooock he IS playing with me the most annoying way!

- Forgive me, my Master. I am not in toilet. I knew going there will upset you more. But to be honest I was hoping that I'll be free to pee at school. Right now I am at the 3rd floor, when nobody has interest to go where there is no lessons, standing next to teacher's loo but not inside.

- So here is the thing, slave. I'm impressed you went upstairs. Tell me how you had to use your pubic muscles going 2 floors up.

- Yes indeed, I had to tighthen them seriously. I am really bursting and I really don't feel like I can make it home. I won't go there if I knew I cannot use the toilet. But I wanted to go somewhere uncrowded place, so nobody sees that I'm bursting and I'm typing my phone instead doing my thing.

- So now it is what happens. First, it's not me who must consider you can pee yourself in your car. It's you who must. It's your car, and your jeans having dark pubble on your ass. Second, go to your car and drive to our favourite shop. I will write you what happens next when you will be driving. Before you do, tell me how many diapers do we have at home?

Damn! Not today! Not in this condition!

- Master, I think I have only one or two, after last play I've never bougt more. As for yours, I don't know if you have used any recently. If not, there should be a few or them.

- Go to your car and start driving there. I'll write you more shortly.

***

Here's the thing. We are not only about master-slave relation and peeing. We are also both into diapers. In some way. My master just likes to wear them and playing with his pee and them. Sometimes with me, but sometimes on his own aswell. I am a little different story, because the wearing itself is not something that turns me on. But I extremely like being controlled by my Master, doing what he tells me and pleasing him. If he expects from me that I'll ask him to pee, and occasionally piss myself because that's what he wants, I will do, because his sexual satisfaction is my mental satisfaction. I am aware, this whole thing is a bit weird. On the same time, this relation extends far beyond sexual activities. When we are both satisfied - no matter what strange ways we achieve this - we both feel we love each other like crazy, and we are so important to each other, that rest of the world could collapse and nothing happened.

There is also a story behind "our favourite shop". When we first tried into diapers, we found out it's actually hard to buy diapers in pharmacies. Despite most of them have this stuff, even often is on display, it's hard to buy exactly the ones you wand, and just a few of them. Pharmacies rather operate in way when you buy like several dozen of them once a month, if you, or someone you are taking care about, are in need to constantly use them. And it took us some practice before we know which producer, what size, and type, we both like for our play. What saved us, was a medical shop which is about 10 mins drive from my school...

Right now I mostly regreat it's 10 minutes drive in opposite direction that our home... damn I' wont even make it to the shop! And I can't check my phone, which I've hear vibrated a few times when I just started driving!

...so this shops has insane number of types of diapers, and you can buy dozens of them, as well as just a few pieces. The only thing was, it was ran by some older lady, who were always there. Never had small talk about it, but looked like she has only some part time employees, but in general she is the one who is always there, taking care about customers and the shop itself. She was extremely nice and helpful each time we collected some stuff at hers, but once it become more frequent, it also become more and more obvious, we are not "usual" customers for her. I mean, imagine a rather young couple, buying diapers often in 2 sizes, which coincidentally seems like they could fit them, various types of it, but never a lot at one time. Well, I think once or twice one of us could also say something about liking ones more than another ones or something.

We discussed it, but first we concluded we don't care. But then an idea for small challenge came to our minds. We decided, if any of us will be ever asked by this lady why actually we need that diapers for, they will admit it is for sexual pee play. We took it rather theoretically, because if it ever happened, it will be unprofessional by this lady, but she was rather the old-fashioned, open-minded one, who we believed can ask question like this just trying some small talk, as she would think.

Of course my Master would be happiest, if she asked me when we were there together, and he could watch me trying to answer. He was really turned on by my embarrassment, in many different ways.

***

When I got my phone after parking by the shop, I wasn't sure if I almost pissed myself, or actually left a few drops. C'mon man! What you want me to do?!

- When you will be at store, buy our usual, pack of L's for me and pack of M's for you. But your punishment will start there, and first errand of it will be some embarrassment for you. Ask the lady, that you also needs some more discreet protection, because it's long car trip for you and you are afraid of accident. If they proposes you liners, tell you will be more happy with some thin and discreet pull-up. Ask if there is a toilet in this building...

Fuck you you know there isn't!

...so you can wear it. If you are visibly deperate, and especially peed yourself when in a car, someone may ask you if you'd like to use the toilet aswell. Tell them you'd love to, but you still canot do it without my permission, I think it's obvious. Write to me when you will be wearing up your protection. You are not allowed to go back to the car without it.

***

That's it for today. How do you think the shopping will go? Will our character be able to wear her pull-up? Would she satisfy her Master? And what will happen later? I hope it won't take me another months to answer this questions, because I already have rest of the story in my head, I just don't have time to contiune writing at the moment 😉

