Omovember 2020: Day 27

Author: PPP

*000*2020-11-29 05:59

$$

This fic takes place in the game Dead by Daylight, though I took a few liberties with the mechanics. I think it's one of my more original ideas for a story. Enjoy!

###

Day 27: Bedwetting Feng (Dead by Daylight)

###

The four of them sat around the campfire, waiting for the game to begin. Meg Thomas, the energetic athlete. Adam Francis, the resourceful teacher. David King, the rugged scrapper. And Feng Min, the focused competitor. None of them were in the game by choice. It was a horrific affair, a twisted version of hide-and-seek where they were pursued by a killer. The whole thing was controlled by a mysterious entity, one that revived them to force them to play again and again. One day, they hoped, they would escape.

“Bloody hell,” David groaned, “what’s takin’ so long?”

“My guess is that the entity is choosing who to send after us,” Adam suggested. “We’ve been winning a lot lately, so it’s likely to pick someone it thinks we can’t win against.”

“Man, what a scrub!” Feng complained. A former video game champion, she was prone to dropping gamer terms in her speech. “That’s cheating!”

“Hey, we’ve been through a lot,” said Meg. “If the entity thinks it can stop us easily, it’s got another thing coming.”

“I hope you’re right,” Adam muttered.

Fog swirled around the four survivors, and when it cleared they were standing outside a dilapidated gas station. The game had begun.

“Mission start,” Feng whispered. Their objective was to repair generators in order to activate an escape portal, all the while hiding from the killer. The group quickly located the first one beside a burnt-out car. Keeping absolutely silent, Adam motioned for Feng to repair it. Being the most mechanically inclined of the bunch, she nodded and crept over to it. Feng got to work immediately, flipping switches and crossing wires. After a minute of work, the generator lit up in a flash. The survivors quickly moved on; the light would alert the killer.

As the group searched around the back of the gas station, Feng realized two things. First, she was getting sleepy. This struck her as odd; she was used to staying up late for gaming tournaments. Second, she had to pee. This was less of a surprise, but just as inconvenient.

I can’t stop for a pee break! Feng told herself as she found another generator. We gotta get out of here! Besides, I’m sure whoever’s hunting us would smell it or something. No, I’m just gonna have to hold it.

This proved to be harder than Feng had anticipated. As the group crept through the interior of the gas station, the fullness in her bladder was a constant distraction. She gazed longingly at the station’s restroom, but she knew that wasn’t an option. By the time they were done inside, finding and fixing another generator, Feng was fidgeting as she tried to hold it all in.

“This is weird,” Meg whispered. “Why hasn’t the killer showed up yet?”

“Hey, don’t complain,” David replied. He looked over at Feng. “You okay there? You look a little… twitchy.”

“I’m fine,” Feng lied. “I just want to finish quickly.”

“Agreed,” said Adam. “I say we split up into two groups; we need two more generators so it works out perfectly.”

“I’ll go with you,” said David. “Meg, you take Feng.”

With that, the team split, searching opposite areas of the woods around the gas station.

“C’mon, Feng,” Meg whispered as they crept along, “try to keep up.”

“Sorry,” said Feng. Keeping pace with Meg was hard enough without a full bladder, and Feng soon found herself lagging behind. She sprinted forward to try and catch up, but that action sent a spasm through her bladder, and she felt her panties grow damp. Feng bent over and clutched herself to stop the leak.

I’m gonna wet myself at this rate! she thought, horrified. Wait, where did Meg go? Feng looked around, but she couldn’t see her partner in the thick trees. Then she heard a rustling behind her.

“Meg?” Feng whispered. She turned but didn’t see anybody. She felt a brief sensation of pain, then everything went black.

“Feng Min! Feng Min!”

Feng awoke with a start to someone shouting her name.

“Whuzzat?” she mumbled sleepily.

“Get your head off the desk and answer the problem!” the voice barked. Feng looked around, blinking the sleep out of her eyes. She was in a school classroom, and standing at the front was her old math teacher, Ms Hutchinson.

What’s going on? Feng thought. Was I dreaming all that?

“Well?” said Ms Hutchinson impatiently. Feng was about to answer when she felt a jolt run through her midsection. Dream or not, she still had to pee.

“May I please use the restroom?” Feng asked. “I promise I’ll do the problem when I get back.” Ms Hutchinson nodded, and Feng rushed out the door.

Feng ran down the hallway and opened the door to the girl’s room. But when she stepped inside, it wasn’t a bathroom. Instead, it was a massive boiler room, a maze of corridors with a tangle of pipes running through it, and everything bathed in a hellish red light. Confused, Feng turned to leave. But the door had vanished.

“What is going on here?” cried Feng, starting to get frightened. Then she heard footsteps, and saw a strange man at the end of a corridor. He wore a striped sweater and a fedora, but that wasn’t what Feng first noticed about him. The skin on his face was horrifically burned, as if someone had set his entire head on fire. And on his right hand was a glove with knives for fingers.

“Welcome to my nightmare,” the man cackled.

Heart pounding, Feng turned and ran. She had never seen the man before, but she had heard of him: Freddy Krueger, the dream demon. A murderer in life, Freddy had become a master of dreams in death, able to pull victims into the Dream World, a realm where he was all-powerful. And now, Feng was trapped there. She dashed around a corner, only to skid to a halt: Freddy was standing right in front of her.

“Not one for conversation, huh?” he taunted. “That’s okay, most aren’t. All they ever say is ‘No!’ or ‘Help!’ or ‘Oh God, make it stop!’” Freddy laughed wickedly, and Feng fled once again.

Feng turned another corner, and saw to her dismay that it was a dead end. A huge boiler sat at the end of it, hissing and looking like it was going to burst. Feng heard footsteps behind her and she instinctively ran, even though she knew she was trapping herself. She didn’t stop until she nearly smacked into the boiler. Exhausted, she turned and fell to her knees. At the other end of the corridor, Freddy slowly approached.

“No way out now,” he chuckled. Terrified, Feng scooted backwards until her back pressed against the boiler.

This is it, she thought in a panic. I’m done for. In part due to fullness and in part due to fear, her bladder let out a spurt of urine. Great, Feng moaned internally. Not only am I gonna die, I’m gonna piss myself first.

Freddy stepped ever closer, clearly savoring Feng’s fear.

“Time to die!” he snarled, raising his glove. Before he could strike, however, there was a popping sound. Freddy recoiled as a spurt of hot water shot from the boiler, hitting him in the chest. More blasts followed, shooting over Feng and hitting the killer.

“What the fuck?” growled Freddy. “What is this? Wha-” He was silenced by a loud rumbling noise. Feng looked back and saw the boiler shaking, ready to burst. She dodged to the side as it exploded, sending a wave of boiling water crashing down on Freddy. He howled in pain and everything went black again.

Feng woke up, her face damp with sweat and her shorts damp with urine. She looked and saw a yellow puddle on the ground between her legs.

No! I wet myself in my sleep! was her first thought. Her second was, Holy shit, Freddy’s here! The killer stood over her, wet with both the water from the dream and Feng’s pee from the real world.

“You pissed on me, you bitch!” he roared. “I’ll skin you alive!”

“Oh, piss off!” came a shout. A bright light shone from the darkness, right into Freddy’s eyes. He recoiled, and Feng felt a pair of arms pick her up.

“Come on,” Meg urged her. “David’s flashlight won’t last forever!” Feng and Meg ran, with Adam and David joining them shortly after.

“Portal’s open,” Adam explained breathlessly. “Let’s move!” Behind them, Freddy howled with rage. But it was too late; the portal was in sight. In another few seconds, the survivors were through it.

“Game over, bitch!” Feng taunted.

As the fog swirled around them once again, the survivors took a moment to catch their breath.

“That was close,” Meg panted. “Feng, I’m so sorry! I lost track of you and I couldn’t find you! Are you okay?”

“Yeah,” said Feng. She turned red as she looked down at the dark patch on her shorts. “Except I pissed myself like a little kid.”

“Hey, that’s nothing to be ashamed of,” Meg comforted her. “I’m sure I would have wet myself too if Freddy was that close to me.”

“Yeah, right,” said Feng, but she smiled at the attempt to cheer her up.

“Besides,” said Adam, “when you wet yourself, it caused you to wake up. If you had a stronger bladder, you wouldn’t be here by now.”

“I guess so,” laughed Feng. “That’s a new one for you: winning by wetting.”

###

