Amariэs Life - Post Tankery School

Author: PWG

*000*2022-03-11 00:59

Before you start......please read the Spoiler.

Spoiler

Hello everyone, its been a long, long time since I have written anything. I thought about continuing my GuP inspired Interactive story, but I just don't have the drive to bring it back up. I liked the characters I created, but I wasn't sure where I wanted to go with it. That being said, I'm going to focus on Amari (Who's first name is Hana, btw). I liked the character I developed for her.

I'm tenatively calling this a semi-interactive story. While I won't ask or have prompts for Amari's actions...I will take suggestions as to how the storyline continues.

As a reminder, Hana is a tall girl, roughly 5'9” with long black hair that reaches the middle of her back. She is athletically built, but not skinny. She revealed that she was into omo to her tank commander in the last story, and even convinced her to try it with her. She is a very aloof girl, but is mechanically very talented, and had a hobby of working on cars and the like—which is why I am going to continue her story here.

PART 1--DATE: 3 YEARS AFTER TANKERY SCHOOL

Night time. Quiet. Still. The freeways of the city at this time of night are empty. Its a stark contrast to the chaos of the day.

Suddenly, the sound of a V6 echoed through the night as a cobalt blue 370Z cruised down the freeway.

“Okay, let's see if this tune worked,” Hana muttered to herself.

She slowed the car down to a halt. A risky move during the day, but no issue at night. This particular stretch of freeway was rather straight for the next few miles—just what she needed. She leaned over to the passenger seat and checks the data on the tablet—everything looks normal. She hit the “load tune” button as the tablet showed progress bar on the screen. She put the transmission into neutral and looked around.

“All right, here goes nothing.”

She slammed the gas pedal to the floor while dropping the transmission into 1st gear. The car's rear wheels squealed and pierced the otherwise quiet night. The Z lurched forwards and accelerated quickly. Hana quickly shifted into 2nd gear, and then into 3rd. The car continues to pick up speed. The V6 VQ screams as she lets the engine run into the sweet spots in each gear. Before she realizes, she's in 5th gear, approaching the 155mph electronic lockout. She lets the engine run up close to the 7500RPM redline and finally shifts into 6th.

The car continued to accelerate, passing the 155mph lockout speed. She let it hit 160mph before quickly taking her foot off the gas. The sheer excitement of traveling at that speed causes her to shake in nervousness as she leaks into her panties a bit. Realizing the speed she reached and what just happened, she started to brake carefully as to not lock up the car. Around 80mph, she reached down to feel her shorts, and luckily they're dry. Its just her panties that have taken a hit. As she let the car decelerate further without braking, she looked over to the opposite side of the freeway and nearly jumps out of her seat.

A black & white highway patrol unit drove by, witnessing her car moving still well above the speed limit. Suddenly the scanner she has in her car crackled to life.

“Dispatch, this is 571, I have a blue 370Z moving at a high rate of speed on the Westbound 342 just past the 4th Street offramp. I'm out of position to intercept.”

“Copy 571, any units in the area please respond. We have a 23.103 on the Westbound 342 passing 4th Street.”

“Dispatch this is 902, I'm 2 minutes out, responding Code 3.”

“Copy, 902.”

Crap. This is not what she wanted. The sheer shock of it all caused a jet of pee to escape her. Her shorts quickly became damp. Luckily her car's seat was safe at the moment, as she didn't put a towel down for this as she didn't even think that something like this would happen. She glared at the energy drinks in her center console, cursing the fact she drank both so quickly. She couldn't take the first offramp she saw since the other highway patrol unit could still see her. She once again took off and hoped she could put space between the responding unit and the one that drove by. She was hopeful that the responding unit would also be a Ford Explorer model, as she should be able to outpace that model. The Dodge Chargers—especially the V8s—were a different story.

“Dispatch, 902. I'm passing the reported offramp now, currently UTL. Continuing westbound.””

“Copy, 902.”

Time was running out. Hana finally had enough exits between her and both units that she felt she could make an escape. She dove towards the nearest offramp, fiercely downshifting and braking to get her car off. She wasn't too familiar with where she had ended up, and frantically looked for a place to keep out of sight. She managed to find an alley between two commercial buildings facing away from the freeway. She parked the car and furiously switched the ignition and headlights off. It was now a waiting game.

The time felt like it crawled by. Desperate to not be caught, and desperate to make it home without further incident, Hana sat silent, crossing her legs and using one hand to grab her crotch. Suddenly, she heard the siren from the responding unit. Without her car on, she was unable to listen to the radio traffic. But, the siren faded off into the distance as the responding unit continued westward on the freeway. Hana breathed a sigh of relief. She was about to turn her car back on when she saw a spotlight hit one of the buildings next to her. The original unit who spotted her was checking each offramp the other unit had passed.

“No no no no not like this no.” Hana thought to herself. She quivered and stopped moving all together. But while doing so, another hot spurt of pee escaped her. She felt the pee run down towards her butt, getting soaked up by the back of her shorts—and some by the car seat.

Eventually, the Ford Explorer turned its spotlight off and accelerated back onto the freeway. She was safe. She turned the car on and fired up her in-car GPS to find her way out. She decided to stick to surface streets—a smart move. Luckily as well, her apartment was east from here, so she wouldn't be meeting any more highway patrol units. On the up side of all this, her custom car tune worked. She was able to unlock the speed limiter on her 370Z.

The drive home was longer than it would have been on the freeway, but a safer one overall. Her scanner finally broadcast that the mysterious 370Z was UTL and to have all units return to patrol. As she drove, she tried to take her mind off her still urgent need to relieve herself. It had been 3 years since she had graduated Tankery school. She smiled to herself. She did miss those times, and those girls she met and befriended. When it was all said and done, they went their separate ways. Most of the girls stayed in their country, but Hana had the opportunity to travel abroad, and came to the US. It hurt leaving them—especially leaving the commander, whom she grew fond of but never expressed her feelings to. She wondered if it would have ended up being different. She was jarringly pulled from her nostalgic thoughts when the GPS announced her arrival. She pulled her car into the small car port and she made a mad dash to her apartment without even checking the damage to her car seat.

Her desperation had increased tenfold as she rushed up the stairs to her apartment. While she wasn't opposed to the feeling (as she often would try to get as desperate as possible before going—something she had been doing since before Tankery school), the night air was somewhat uncomfortable. At 2am, this part of the country was still “cold” by its standards in the low 40's F. She finally arrived at her door and fumbled with the keys attached to her jean shorts. She yanked the clip and accidentally tossed the keys a good 5 feet from her. They skidded into a corner of the hallway.

“DAMMIT.” She danced in place for a second, trying to mentally prepare to try and bend over while bursting to get the keys. Finally she felt she would be able to do so and took a step towards the keys.....

Which was her undoing. Her will gave in to a wave of desperation that hit. With her legs apart, she couldn't hold back the flood. Her floodgates had finally gave way. She attempted to circumvent the soaking by putting her legs back together tightly, but it did not help. All it did was give her pee a quick direction of travel. It flowed out of her, into her panties, and then into her shorts. It was such a forceful release that her shorts started to carry the wetness sideways across her thighs. It was a mircale that her cellphone didn't get wet as it sat in her front pocket. The back of her shorts faired no better. A dark outline showing where her panties were formed, as the pee slowly filled them up, and then seeped into her shorts. After all of this, the wetness traveled down her legs, being absorbed by her once white—now slightly yellow socks, and into her light blue colored Converse sneakers.

It was bliss. Bliss that lasted almost 2 minutes. But after that, Hana snapped into reality and realized where she was. Standing in the hallway of her apartment complex, thoroughly soaked with pee, in a puddle. She quickly raced over to get her keys. She dashed back to her front door, unlocked it, and quietly snuck inside. Though it was late, she figured she needed to shower at least. She walked into the bathroom and stripped down. She examined herself after removing her shirt, socks, and shoes. Her shorts went from light blue to dark blue, and almost her entire leg cuff on the left was soaked. Her panties faired no better. The once teal panties were now a darker shade and clung to her body.

She smirked--”Well, it is what it is,” and tossed the clothes off to the side while she showered. Once she had cleaned up and gotten an oversized T-Shirt on (she loved sleeping in them), she took her clothes and threw them into the washing machine in her laundry nook (she was rather lucky to have one of these in her apartment) for tomorrow, and went into her bedroom. She gave a quick glance at the photo on her computer desk. It was of the girls on their last day of Tankery school. A wave of emotions ran over her. She felt so distant from everything she once loved. She plugged her phone int the charger, laid down in her bed, and clicked her lights off for the night. She drifted off to sleep shortly thereafter.

End Part 1—To Be Continued

(Feel free to drop some suggestions on where you want this to go)

