Party on the beach

Author: poodle21

*000*2025-10-05 02:35

Anna's first day had been such a blur of introductions and people telling her things, she was starting to worry about how she would ever remember everything. But it was almost finishing time and was looking forward to relaxing in the novelty of her own flat, admittedly a small one, even for Anna by herself. No longer having to hunt for clean dishes to eat off, or sharing fridge space with her former flatmates, or hearing them slamming the front door in the early hours of the morning was going to be blissful.

She heard her name, and looked across the office to one of the guys she had already forgotten the name of. He asked, "Are you coming down to the beach with everyone after work?"

Then, seeing Anna's puzzlememt, explained their habit, in decent weather at least, of a bunch of them taking beer to the beach on a Monday evening, for an outdoor social session.

Keen to be accepted, Anna said she would, but inwardly regretted losing the evening in that she had been planning.

Later, Anna was welcomed into the group sitting around on the sand or on the stone wall that separated the beach from the car park. She accepted a can of beer and slipped into the casual banter between the others, obviously regular participants. As the sun went down and the light faded, one or two of her new colleagues said good night and drifted off. Still more arrived, and Anna had more introductions and names to struggle to remember, but she felt happy and relaxed and her first day nerves were fading along with the daylight, and the buzz from the alcohol.

As the time passed, Anna now had a new concern. It had started some time after she had arrived and had been easily ignored, but now after another can of beer and the progress of time, it was nagging increasingly at her consciousness. She had done her best to disregard it so far because she hadn't seen any public toilets around, and, although she could have walked back to the flat instead, she was reluctant to leave the group while she was having fun. 

Now though it was uncomfortable, and, standing chatting, difficult to stand still. She persevered, smiling while her colleague recounted a long anecdote, and focused on self control and how much subtle leg and foot movement she could do without giving away the reason for it. Eventually the story ended with polite chuckling all round, and Anna breezily referred to wanting to catch someone before they left and stepped carefully away into the darkness. Walking was easier than standing still but only just, and once Anna felt she was safely away from the range of the streetlight glow from the car park, she bent over slightly and slid her hand up between her thighs to apply some helpful pressure for a few precious seconds.

Going home now wasn't going to be possible, but there was a small concrete building at the other side of the car park which looked promising. It wasn't too far away, and hopefully it was clean. Anna tried her best to hide her desperation as she approached the white painted block. At last, she rounded the corner of the building to the tiled entrance doorway, and pushed at the cool metal of the gate. The gate moved only a few millimeters. Anna pulled at it instead, with the same result. Locked. Anna frantically tried to think of a backup plan. She would have to find a dark place, back on the beach. Maybe were there sand dunes where she could squat down out of sight? She hadn't noticed.

Hesitating in the shadow of the building, she felt herself leak a little into her knickers, and instinctively clamped her legs tightly together, and bounced up and down a few times while she regained her composure. It was enough for her to feel dampness in her crotch, which she found alarming.

She made her way as best she could to what looked like a dark area where she could decide what to do. It was hard to walk on the soft sand. Anna looked about for dunes or bushes, long grass, or any other hiding place where she felt no-one would be able to see her. She felt a sudden urge, and despite struggling to hold it, couldn't stop a longer spurt escaping and felt droplets rolling down the inside of her left thigh. Then she just couldn't hold on any more and had to let go. It was so easy to do. Her crotch flooded with immediate warmth and her legs ran hot and wet, down over her feet and through her sandals.

As the torrent slowed and stopped, Anna looked around to check whether anyone might have been watching. Her heart was pounding. She felt relief of course, then guilt. She checked her dress for wet areas and didn't feel any. The only damage was her soaked knickers clinging to her skin and quickly growing cold, and the wetness between the soles of her feet and her sandals.

She would go back to her colleagues to quickly say goodnight, and discreetly go home. No-one would notice anything strange. Before she got back to the larger group, she passed a solitary girl sitting a little way from them. She called over to Anna.

"Hi, it's Anna, right? I'm Vanessa. I saw you going away a few minutes ago, thought you'd left."

Anna replied, "Oh no, I just went to the toilet."

"Were they open?" asked Vanessa, sounding surprised.

"Yes....um, yes of course."

Anna hated to lie, but felt forced to.

Vanessa sounded doubtful, "Oh. They aren't usually. They're normally always shut by now. Makes it awkward if you get all the way there and find the gate's locked. I did that the first time I came here."

Anna hesitated. Had Vanessa been watching her? No, she couldn't have seen her from here, could she?

"Oh, that must have been a nuisance. So what do you do now if you need a wee?"

"Sometimes I wear a diaper. Or if I'm wearing a skirt, or black shorts or leggings, I just pick a convenient place and quietly do it. It's ok, you know, if you do that here..."

Vanessa spoke about it so casually. Anna made a mental note to find out where to buy diapers in her size.

