Omovember 2020: Day 11

Author: PPP

*000*2020-11-12 02:33

$$

At first, I was struggling with this one. Then I saw Episode 8 of Dirty Pair Flash. In the original episode, Kei has to pee and makes it to the bathroom. But what if that scenario played out differently?

Also, the first three paragraphs, including the dialogue, were taken pretty much directly from the episode itself. After that, however...

###

Day 11: Locked out of the bathroom Kei (Dirty Pair)

###

Their official codename was “Lovely Angels,” but everybody called them “the Dirty Pair.” Kei and Yuri were agents of the World Welfare Works Association, an agency that solved various dangerous problems - for a price. The duo earned their unenviable nickname due to their tendency towards collateral damage, but they meant well. Usually, at least. Currently, they were undercover at an all-girls academy, investigating a haunting. Yuri fit right into the role of dutiful student. Kei, on the other hand…

Kei lay on the bed in her crop top and short shorts and cracked open another beer.

“Damn,” she muttered, “this pisses me off!” She’d already been frightened by two ghosts, three if you counted the time Yuri dressed up as one. All this supernatural nonsense was getting on her nerves. Kei drained the can and tossed it on the floor with the others. She felt a pang in her bladder from all the beer, but she ignored it and grabbed yet another.

“Ah, clean again!” Yuri strode into the bedroom, clad in a bathrobe. “I love bubble baths!”

“Of course you do,” sneered Kei, still sore over Yuri’s prank. “They match your head.”

“Hey, that’s a beer!” cried Yuri, ignoring the insult. “You went out and bought them without permission, didn’t you?”

No shit, thought Kei. “Yeah, so what?” she replied.

“Well, it’s against the rules, for one,” said Yuri, launching into one of her lectures.

“Give me a break!” Kei interrupted. “And where do you get off criticizing me for breaking the rules, Miss Innocent?”

“You can’t talk to me like that, you delinquent!” Yuri snapped, finally getting upset. Kei was going to respond with a worse insult, but she felt another pang in her bladder and realized how full it was. Instead, she jumped off the bed and headed for the door.

“I’m outta here!” she announced.

“Wait, where are you going, Kei?” asked Yuri.

“To take a leak!” Kei yelled, slamming the door behind her.

Kei stormed down the hallway towards the restroom, every step jostling her overfilled bladder.

“Shit,” she muttered, “I drank a little too much.” She reached the bathroom and tried the door.

“Locked?” she cried. “What the hell is this?” It was then that Kei noticed the small sign attached to the door: DO NOT USE. She remembered the rumor she had heard about the ghost that haunted the second floor bathroom, and guessed that the school had decided to shut down the entire room.

“Dammit,” Kei groaned. “Gotta find somewhere else to piss.”

Kei had to take it slow in the dim hallways as she headed to the first floor, her bladder screaming in protest the whole way. Much to her dismay, the stairwell was even darker. She tiptoed down the steps one at a time, barely able to see a foot in front of her. Kei reached the bottom and ran towards the door. Or rather, she thought she had reached the bottom. Kei shrieked as she fell down the last two steps. She landed on her stomach and felt the impact force a spurt of pee out of her. Swearing under her breath, she jammed her hand between her legs to stop the flow and gingerly got to her feet.

Almost there, she told herself. I’m almost there.

Sure enough, the first floor bathroom was right around the corner. Heart pounding and bladder throbbing, Kei opened the door.

“Goddammit!” she screamed. There were only two stalls in the restroom, and both had pairs of feet sticking out from under them. Crossing her legs and fidgeting, Kei knocked on one of the stall doors. “Are you almost done in there?” she begged.

“No, sorry,” came the dreaded response. “I’m afraid I’ll be in here a while.”

“Same here,” said the second stall occupant.

“Dammit dammit dammit dammit!” yelled Kei, running back outside.

Only one option left: the third floor! she thought in a panic. Please let me make it in time!

If Kei had been desperate before, it was nothing compared to her agony as she ran up two flights of stairs. By the time she reached the third floor, she was leaking pee at a slow but constant rate.

“Shit,” she moaned, unable to keep her thoughts inside any more, “I’m about to piss myself!”

With both hands now between her legs, Kei raced down the hallway. At long last, when she was sure she couldn’t take it anymore, she saw what she was looking for.

“Bathroom!” she cried deliriously. She made a final sprint to the door, then stopped short.

OUT OF ORDER, read the sign on the door.

“No,” Kei moaned softly. “It can’t be.” She sank to the ground in defeat.

It’s over, she thought. I failed. As Kei admitted defeat, so did her bladder. She groaned as the dam finally burst, letting loose a golden flood. Kei made no effort to get up as pee soaked her crotch and pooled up beneath her. She just sat there, her face red from both relief and humiliation. Kei closed her eyes and hung her head as the puddle beneath her continued to grow.

I can’t believe this, she lamented. The only way this could be worse is-

“Kei?” came a familiar voice.

I had to say it…

Kei opened her eyes to the last person she wanted to see her like this: Yuri.

“Kei,” her partner repeated, “are you okay? I’ve been trying to find you for a while.”

“No, I am not okay!” Kei yelled, outraged. “How could I possibly be okay; I just pissed my pants like a goddamn child!” Her rage subsided as fast as it had come, and she hung her head again. “Go ahead,” Kei said weakly, “lecture me. Tell me how it was wrong of me to drink those beers and how I brought this upon myself. Go on; I won’t stop you this time.”

Kei braced herself for the tongue-lashing that was sure to come. Instead, Yuri crouched down and extended a hand to her.

“Come on,” said Yuri, “you probably want to get off the floor.” Confused, Kei reached out her hand, then stopped herself.

“Wait,” she said, “you don’t want to take my hand. It’s covered in my piss.” Yuri grimaced and instead took her partner by the wrist and helped her up.

“Come on,” said Yuri, “let’s get you out of those wet clothes. I’m sure a bath would feel nice.”

“Y-you’re not mad at me?” Kei asked hesitantly.

“Well, a little,” Yuri admitted, “but I was mostly worried. When you didn’t come back from the bathroom, I thought the ghost might have gotten you.”

“Not a chance,” said Kei, managing a weak smile. “I’d blast it hard enough to kill it all over again.”

“Probably blowing up the whole bathroom in the process,” Yuri sighed.

“Eh, guilty as charged,” Kei said with a shrug. “And I probably will once I find the damn thing. But for now, a bath sounds good.”

“Agreed,” said Yuri, smiling.

###

