Desperate at School

Author: Pees_Ahhhhh

*000*2024-06-21 18:42

Ally was a 20 yr old college girl. She got good grades and had good friends. The only thing thing that was out of the ordinary for a college girl, was her interest in omorashi. Her friend Kate loved it too. Sometimes they would do omo challenges together. One of these days was a Saturday, when they did not have class. They decided to do as many pee quizzed as possible before heading to the bathroom line when it was the longest. Kate was a statistics girlie, so she took data for the time of day with the longest bathroom line. She discovered that it was about three in the afternoon on weekends.

So Kate and Ally decided to start at 11 so they had 4 hours to do quizzes. When Ally woke up that morning she had an exciting idea. Not only should they do the quizzes, they should not be allowed to pee at all before then. Since Ally and Kate shared a dorm it was easy for Ally to tell Kate her plan. Kate had a smaller bladder and knew it, but reluctantly she agreed. When it came time to do the quizzes Kate was already jiggling and holding, while Ally seemed fine. Unbeknownst to Kate, Ally was not fine, and had accidentally been holding since the last afternoon, and was desperately trying to not look like her bladder was as full as it was. The hours of quizzes were pure torture for the girls, and as they neared two thirty, Ally said “can we please go get in line now? I am so desperate,” Kate was to relived by this that almost hugged her friend(she realized if she stopped holding with her hands it would all come out).

They walked into the end of the line and after staying there for ten minutes they are almost at the front but almost about to pee themselves. Ally could barely move up in the line without her swollen overfilled bladder threading to spill it in some cases leaking. Eventually they got to the front and they were both trying so hard not to think about how heavenly the sweet relief on their bladders would feel. Unfortunately, when they saw the bathroom, they realized it was only a single toilet bathroom. They both walked in and shut and locked the door.

Ally was so desperate that she ran straight to the toilet, already leaking, not bother Ming to take off her pants, and started peeing. About five seconds into this, Kate realized that she was leaking,and this was going to be too long a pee for her to make it. Without her choice, she started peeing on the ground. The relief itself combined with Ally’s moans made her so turned on that through her stream she began to pleasure herself bringing her to the best climax of her life.Then Ally got so turned on by this display that she began to do the same. All in all this was the best day of their college lives.

