A Girl is Always Discreet

Author: Poseidon

*000*2018-02-06 09:10

We’ve all seen those adverts on the TV. You know the ones; the sexy woman in the clingy red dress, confident that if she wets herself laughing too much it won’t show thanks to the Tena pants that she’s wearing. Then there are those two young women in tight jeans dancing the night away knowing that their ‘sensitive bladder’ issues won’t result in a visibly wet crotch and thighs thanks to their Always Discreet pants. What initially surprised me was the way in which these products were clearly targeted on young women, women of my age. I must say, it did make me wonder if any friends or work colleagues used them or similar ‘protection’, after all, according to Tena 47% of women suffer from some bladder weakness so there must be an awful lot of us who do sometimes wet our knickers.

I must admit that I don’t always manage to keep my pants completely dry, but then I doubt I’m any different from most women. We all tend to leak a bit if laughing too much, sneezing, or coughing when out bladders are full or we have left it a little bit too late before rushing to the loo. But it’s normal and doesn’t happen often so I don’t think I need ‘protection’.

However, something happened the a couple of months ago that changed my perspective. I was at my best friend Rachel’s flat for a quiet evening of chat, wine and a soppy film on TV. We were just onto our second bottle and getting a little merry when the Always pants advert came on. I need to wee by then and for some reason found the ad amusing, quipping to Rachel that a pair of those pants might come in useful if I didn’t go to the loo fairly soon, adding that I doubted that they worked or would save my skirt from a flood if I couldn’t hold it.

“Oh, they work very well actually,” came Rachel’s the unexpected response.

“What do you mean? How do you know?” This unexpected answer had me wondering what on earth she meant.

Rachel’s face went red with embarrassment as she looked straight at me, murmuring quietly, “Because err I’ve used them!” Oh God. That’s too much information. This is so embarrassing, Oh God, what have I said.” Tears welled in her eyes.

“It’s OK Rachel, we’re best friends; you can tell me anything,” I said, giving her a quick hug for comfort. “Now just explain it all to me.”

Composing herself Rachel explained everything. It all began about three months earlier when she had had a nasty bladder infection. She had told me at the time, but only the basic details but it seems that apart form the usual pain and generally feeling unwell she was not only having to pee frequently but was unable to hang on very long. A nuisance at home and work but a real problem when out. She had tried drinking lots of water to flush the bug away but this only had her running to the bathroom even more often and, as she shyly admitted, not always making it in time. After she had wet herself badly for the third time she had immediately booked a doctors appointment.

A course of antibiotics would sort it out but when she mentioned the accidents the doctor suggested she talk to the continence nurse. It was her who had suggested that for peace of mind it might be a good idea to wear protection till the problem cleared, suggesting that the new Always Discreet Pants were just that, secure and very discreet. The nurse even went down to the on-site pharmacy on Rachel’s behalf to get two packs for her to try so she did not have the initial embarrassment of buying them herself.

At home she had taken her time before trying on these special pants for the first time but after another close call left yet another pair of damp knickers in the wash she had given in – after all it was only till the infection cleared. She said that the pants were actually very comfortable and didn’t really feel very different to her normal underwear, nor, to her surprise, were they visible –certainly not under a skirt and not even under quite tight jeans. The real question though was how they would perform if she had an accident so rather than risk visibly wet jeans decided to initially wear them under a skirt.

I was getting strangely excited now as well as desperate for the loo but I just wanted to know more, especially if they worked, so I just asked outright, “Come on then Rachel, spill the beans - did you pee yourself in them and if so what happened.”

She blushed scarlet again before admitting, “Yes, several times. Usually it was just leaking badly when I couldn’t quite get to the loo in time. The first time, amazingly, although I knew I’d wet myself quite a bit the pants felt dry on my skin so I just kept them on – well I was probably going to have a another accident later, so I thought I might as well.”

By now I was wriggling around and holding myself and really should have gone to the loo there and then but I still wanted to hear more so encouraged Rachel to carry on, despite the fact that I was absolutely bursting. She continued, explaining that the pants were quite comfortable even after several bad leaks and though the crotch swelled up they still remained comfortable. Having worn them during the day at home and, as a precaution, in bed she felt confident to wear them out of the house including at work fining to her relief that nobody appeared to notice anything, even when she knew that she was wet.

Not only that but they could cope with a complete accident. On her second day back at work her bus home had been delayed and although she had peed before leaving work she had been desperate again by the time she got to her stop. The short walk was agony but the stairs to her flat were the final straw - as she reached her front door, having leaked several times already her poor bladder just gave up and she felt a hot flood soaking her bottom as she completely wet herself. But, the Always pants held it all – no trickles down her thighs and her skirt stayed dry. After that she had absolute confidence in them.

She looked across at me, my legs tightly crossed and jigging about as I tried to keep control of myself and continued with a grin, “You remember our girls night out a couple of weeks ago?”

“You mean the time when Linda wet herself after we got out of the cab?”

“Yes.”

How could I forget it. We had all had a little too much to drink and in the taxi home Linda had been dying for a wee, so much so that she kept complaining that she was going to wet the seat before long. Fortunately she didn’t but the moment she got out had just stood there, a torrent of pee pouring down the legs of her jeans and forming a big puddle round her feet By the amount of laughter this caused I suspect one or two of the others also needed a change of knickers when they got home.

“Well,” said Rachel, flushing red again, “Linda wasn’t the only one who wet herself that evening. I had an accident as well - I peed myself sat in the taxi but thanks to my special pants no-one knew except me. I’m still not sure of myself after that horrible infection so I still wear them as a precaution – thank goodness I had them on that evening!”

I just looked at her in amazement – my best friend admitting that she’d wet her pants in a taxi. The picture in my mind of her sat there calmly peeing herself with all her friends around not knowing made me giggle. And giggling was not the best thing to do at that moment. The extra pressure on my swollen bladder was just a bit too much and I felt myself leak.

“Shit! I’ve got to go for a wee or it’ll be too late,” I blurted out, dashing for the door. I made it to the loo just as the dam burst. A spurt of pee ran down my leg as I pulled my skirt up and hurriedly sat down still with my pants on and peeing uncontrollably, but what a relief! I really had left it too long this time and now I had really wet myself for the first time in ages and all because I had been so intrigued by Rachel’s story. Mopping myself up took some time and much toilet paper but nothing could change the fact that my pants were now very, very wet and I would just have to admit to Rachel what I’d done. Taking a deep breath I stepped back into the lounge.

“Err, Rachel. I left it a bit late – do you think I could borrow some knickers please, mine are a bit wet!”

Rachel just burst out laughing, “Jan you idiot. Why didn’t you go sooner? I saw you fidgeting for ages but you kept putting it off like a silly teenager. Now you’ve wet yourself like one. Are you sure you don’t need Always pants as well?

“It was listening to you explaining their virtues that made me hang on – I was fascinated actually and more than a little intrigued,” I explained. “Stupid I know. But now I’m stood here in wet knickers and it wouldn’t be a good idea to sit on your sofa like this. So, could I borrow some clean ones? Please?”

“Come on then, let’s find you something suitable Miss Pissy Pants!” she laughed as we went to her bedroom. Opening a drawer she took out a pair of rather thick looking pants, handing them to me saying, “Perhaps you had better wear these in case you have another accident.”

“What are they,” I queried though I already knew.

“Always pants of course. Ideal for leaky women everywhere - and we certainly qualify on that count at the moment. Not that I’ve known you wet your pants for a long time though; at least not since that drunken week in Ibiza when we were students.

I blushed deeply, “I’d rather forget that, though it was probably great at the time. I seem to recall that we all wet ourselves at least once when drunk as well as for convenience on the beach because the toilets were so disgusting. And didn’t Linda wet the bed one night? Not our finest hour I’m sure but we were a lot younger then. God, it would be horribly embarrassing now. Don’t let’s talk about it.

Rachel chivvied me up. “Come on girl, get those wet knicks off and put these on, then we can get back to the wine.”

I lifted my skirt and pulled down my wet pants, dropping them on the floor to more giggling from Rachel as she saw just how wet they were. My face scarlet with embarrassment again I took the protective pants from her and inspected them closely. They did look very much like disposable paper pants but with padding from front to back and were surprisingly thin. Urged on by Rachel I carefully pulled them on. To my amazement they felt just as she had described earlier, quite comfortable and certainly no worse than big pants with a sanitary pad and invisible under my skirt. The knowledge that I was wearing what was, to all intents and purposes a pull-up nappy gave me a strange frisson of excitement, not to say arousal, especially after the gorgeous relief of emptying my bursting bladder a few minutes earlier together with the naughtiness of having done so through my knickers. And now I was wearing a pull-up!

We went back to our wine and poured another glass but then I realised that Rachel hadn’t used the toilet since I’d been there. My mind was working overtime – she hadn’t had she . . .

“Rachel, are you wearing Always pants right now, only after all that wine I would have thought you needed to pee as much as I did but I haven’t seen you go all evening.”

“Guilty as charged,” she responded with a wicked grin, “And yes, I’ve wet them before you ask. I was about to go when that silly advert came on and we got distracted. Then you were in the loo and I couldn’t wait any more, so while you wet your knickers in the bathroom I wet mine sat here. Actually I’d better go and change just in case I leak. Back in a minute.”

She came back a few minutes later, lifting her skirt and flashing a dry pair of Always pants at me. “Better safe than sorry. That wine goes straight through me,” she giggled.

We carried on chatting for some time, both using the toilet like good grown-ups when necessary but somewhere towards midnight I decided I ought to head for home, which was only a 5 minute walk away. I was just about to say goodbye when Rachel suddenly said. “Haven’t you forgotten something? I put those wet knicks of yours in a bag for you and, in case you need them, a some Always pants as well!”

I stuffed the bags she gave me into my shoulder bag and headed home. I actually needed to pee again but it was only a short walk back to my flat. However, the wine and the cold night air made me suddenly desperate and by the time I reached my front door I was close to wetting myself again. Quickly closing the door behind me I was about to dash into the toilet when an outrageous idea hit me. Still feeling curiously turned on from the events earlier in the evening and realising that I was still wearing the protective underwear I suddenly wondered what it would feel like to pee myself in this absorbent garment. Was it as effective as Rachel not only claimed but had demonstrated? I also had a rising curiosity as to what it would actually feel like to do a wee in them.

As it was, my bladder was warning me that if I waited any longer I was going to find out anyway. Without thinking I quickly sat down on a kitchen chair just as I lost control. It was quite different to my earlier accident. A warm wetness enveloped my whole crotch and bum, the hot wetness tickling my already sensitive clit gave me a wonderful feeling that just kept building. As my finally bladder emptied I squeezed myself though the now hot and bulky padding, surprised that the outer layer was dry and so was the chair.

The extra pressure on my clit sent me over the top and came, not once but several times as I enjoyed the exquisite feelings of relief, the warmth and wetness around my bottom, the sheer naughtiness at what I had just done and of course the resulting effect on my sensitive little button. I was going to have to try this again.

Once I had recovered my composure I went to wash and get ready for bed. As I went to put on some knickers under my pyjamas I remembered the bag Rachel had given me. Inside was a small bag containing the knickers I had wet earlier in the evening plus another containing 3 pairs of Always pants – she obviously expected me to try them out more than once! Taking a pair out I decided to wear them instead of my usual cotton night time panties and after a final pee (in the toilet!) pulled them on and went to bed.

Somehow I slept through, despite the wine but woke about 8 o’ clock dying for wee. I got up and headed for the loo but then remembered the wonderful pleasure of the previous evening – was it just a one off or had I discovered something interesting. Heading for the kitchen I sat down in the same chair. I must have looked a site - a woman of 26 sitting there with her hand down her silky pyjama bottoms squeezing herself through a pair of incontinence pants partly to stop herself wetting them and partly through the sheer sexual excitement that she was about to do just that.

My poor bladder was absolutely at its limit and I felt myself leak a bit, feeling damp then strangely dry again as the pants did their job. My excitement at fever pitch I managed to just about control myself, leaking little spurts and trying not to just let go. The feelings were driving me wild – hot, wet leak, then feeling dry again, then another leak and another. Then I came; an incredible orgasm overwhelmed me and I almost cried out with pleasure. As it subsided my bladder released and again the hot wet flood washed over my clit and around my bottom until absorbed by the now soaked and bulging protective pants. A quick squeeze and I came again.

Exhausted, I sat there for several minutes before heading for the shower. Peeling off the Always pants I dropped them on the floor with the pair from last night, laughing at myself as I looked at two wet nappies and a wet pair of knickers laying there on the floor. I had wet myself three times in less than 24 hours and two of those times it was deliberate!

After my shower I dressed normally – top, skirt, knickers, tights and got on with my usual Saturday chores. As I did so I couldn’t help thinking about what had happened last night and again this morning. In some ways I felt disgusted with myself; what the hell was a mature woman doing not only wearing protective knickers when she didn’t need them but then deliberately peeing in them and enjoying it to the extent that she had an orgasm. I just could not rationalise it immediately but those orgasms had been incredible. But the more I thought about it the more sense it made.

I did have a tendency to hang on when I needed a pee and had quite often masturbated with a full bladder, partly to help me hold it but also because the sexual feelings were much more intense. Because I tended to hold on till I just had to go I’d also had quite a lot of near misses; those ‘just made it’ moments when you only just get you knickers off in time. Even then I had often leaked by the time I reached the loo and last night had not quite been the first time I’d weed through my knickers because I couldn’t get them down in time. But I had never knowingly or deliberately wet myself for sexual pleasure, though there must have been some hidden desire there, something that had been released by wearing the Always pants.

I was a good girl for the rest of the day but the following morning chose to wear the protective pants rather than my usual knickers. Not that I had any intention of using them but I was curious to see what it was like to wear them all day as I’d realised that they could at least be a useful precaution on boozy nights out, long journeys, flights or in other places where the loos were either in short supply or smelly portable toilets and it was preferable to hang on.

In the afternoon I realised that I need some food and other bits and pieces to save me having to shop during the week so pooped out to the local superstore. Standing at the checkout I realised that I needed to pee quite badly and thought of using the store toilet, though that would have meant carrying all my shopping in with me so, remembering what I was wearing decided to wait till I got home. However, as I began walking, weighed down by my heavy bags my need went rapidly from needing to go to bursting – my earlier escapades must have weakened my bladder temporarily! Despite my protection I really did not want to have a big public accident so struggled on, with a rising fear that I might not make it home.

As I neared my block I felt myself leak. A warm trickle in my pants that I quickly clamped off before it became a flood. Every few steps another leak though each time I managed to stop myself though by the time I was inside my flat had done so much in my pants that had I been wearing my usual knickers and tights they would have been soaked to the knees. Thanks to the Always pants my legs were dry and there was no evidence of the accident. I quickly put down my shopping, dashed into the bathroom and finished my pee in the toilet, pulling the Always pants back up instead of changing – well, they didn’t seem too wet and I wanted to see what it was like to wear them after a little accident. All part of my exploration!

Shopping put away and a couple of cups of tea later I needed another wee. So I simply sat in my chair and weed in my knickers. The feeling was exquisite and I had another very satisfying orgasm though as I cam down from my high realised that this time I had overwhelmed the protective pants, having done more than I expected in them earlier and my bum and skirt were now wet. This time I had to change so cleaned myself up and put on normal pants and a clean skirt, having learned the limits of my special underwear.

Since then I’ve experimented more and now keep a stock of the most absorbent Always Discreet pants in my underwear drawer, wearing them when I feel the need for extra security. This usually means nights out with the girls when the alcohol flows but I have even worn them to work on occasions when I might be stuck in long meetings or have to go out on site visits. They certainly help reduce stress levels when no toilet is immediately available. For total relaxation and the ultimate self-pleasuring I wear them at home, wait till I’m bursting and them just wet myself in them. Pure bliss!

Rachel had asked me about my experience of the absorbent pants when we next met and I had to admit that I had ‘used’ them for their intended purpose, though not mentioning the sexual effects! From subsequent conversations I do suspect that she has discovered much the same thing; I’m going to have to ask her at some point. Several times when together we have admitted to each other that we are wearing them and even have a code word, asking each other whether they are wearing their ‘dancing pants’. I do know that we have both found them useful, especially on nights out and while unlike Rachel I haven’t peed myself in a taxi I did do it in the backseat of a friends car on one occasion. Naughty, nice and much more comfortable that trying to hang on till I could get home.

I might not have a particularly ‘sensitive bladder’ but I can certainly dance all I want with utter confidence that if I forget myself it just won’t matter, I’ll always be discreet about it!

