PeeCember 2022: Part 1

Author: PPP

*000*2022-12-16 04:45

$$

The list of prompts for OmoVember is here https://www.omorashi.org/topic/82629-omovember-2022-prompts-list/

, but outside circumstances have turned it into PeeCember for me. I'll be jumping around the list, so I decided to mark the titles with parts instead of days. As you can see above, we'll be starting with:

Day 2: Trying to get out of a complicated outfit Noi (Dorohedoro)

In the city so dismal that it was known as “the Hole,” the only ones with power were the Sorcerers. The mafia-like organization ruled the place with an iron fist and had a huge array of “cleaners” to carry out various nefarious tasks. Two of them were currently making their way down a dingy alleyway. They were certainly an odd pair. One was a broad-shouldered man wearing a tuxedo and a mask shaped like a realistic heart. The other was a woman who was even more muscular than him, dressed in a complicated leather dress with lots of clasps and buttons.

“Well,” said the man, “it looks like we have our work cut out for us.”

“Are you kidding, Shin?” the woman replied. “Killing this lizard-headed bastard is gonna be easy!”

Shin sighed. “I hope you’re right, Noi.”

The two were heading back from dinner with their boss, a man named En. They had dressed nicely for the occasion and the food was excellent, but they had lost their appetites when they learned that the mushrooms they had been eating were once people (long story). At least the martinis they had been served were good. Noi in particular had downed several glasses, and was just now starting to feel their effects on her bladder.

“Noi? What’s wrong?” Shin asked a few minutes later. “You’re fidgeting, are you okay? Is it stomach pains?”

“What?” said Noi, unaware that she had been squirming. “No, it’s not the food, it’s the drink.”

“That’s what’s making you sick? I thought-”

Noi laughed. “Nah, I just really need to take a piss.”

“I see,” said Shin, sounding embarrassed. “Well, there should be a restroom nearby.”

“Are you kidding?” Noi replied. “Peeing outside is one of life’s simplest pleasures!”

“If you say so.” Shin pointed to a side alley. “You can go in there; I’ll watch. I-I mean I’ll keep watch in case anyone comes by.”

“Sounds good.”

Once she was in the alley and certain that she was alone, Noi yanked down her pants- or at least she tried to. The dress she was wearing over them was too tight!

“Dammit,” Noi muttered. She undid the clasps around her waist, but her clothes still wouldn’t budge. Starting to get a bit desperate, she unbuttoned the front of the dress and tried to pull it over her head, but it was still no good. Then she felt a drop of urine leak out, and knew she didn’t have long.

“Screw it,” Noi said to herself. She gripped the dress in her massive hands and pulled. With a loud ripping noise, the garment was torn clean off. Now standing in her pants and bra, Noi was letting out even more leaks. With no time to lose, she yanked her pants and underwear down, then reached between her legs and spread her folds. There was a brief pause. Then the flood came.

Noi’s bladder let go and a torrent of pee shot out of her, striking the wall in front of her with such force that Noi nearly splashed herself. She laughed as she saw the power her stream was getting, and shook her hips to really give the wall a good soaking. Noi’s massive, gushing piss continued for a solid minute before her bladder was empty. She shook off the last few drops, pulled her pants back up, and rejoined Shin, still sans dress.

“Feeling better?” he asked.

“You betcha!” Noi replied, slapping him on the back.

“Good to hear. Say, what happened to your dress?”

“Too tight,” said Noi. “I couldn’t get it undone in time.”

“That’s a shame,” said Shin. “It was a nice outfit.”

“Yeah,” Noi laughed, but letting out all that piss felt even nicer!”

