Omovember 2020: Day 10

Author: PPP

*000*2020-11-11 03:04

$$

Another one inspired by an image. I'll post it at the end; contains nudity.

###

Day 10: Urgent, but bathroom is not up to par Samus (Metroid)

###

The door opened with a soft hiss. Samus Aran, the legendary intergalactic bounty hunter, strode inside. It had been hours since she had landed on Zebes, and she was leaving no stone on the wretched planet unturned in her hunt for the Space Pirates. She had explored the subterranean caverns, blasted Kraid into oblivion, and melted Crocomire. Now, it was time for her to investigate the mysterious wrecked ship.

Keeping her Arm Cannon held out in front of her, Samus cautiously made her way down the hallway. The ship had obviously been stranded for a long time; the power was completely off and the pipes lining the walls had rusted through. Even with the light emitting from her visor, it was hard for her to see. She didn’t notice the corpse until she almost stumbled upon it.

Samus inspected the body and saw that it was made up of little more than bones. She felt a twinge of pity for the poor soul, which was interrupted by a ghastly wail. Samus stepped back, and a horrible phantom appeared where she had been standing. A floating mass of distended skulls, it wailed again and vanished. When it reappeared, it was right on top of Samus. She could feel its touch draining her suit’s power, so she quickly rolled away and blasted the phantom with her Cannon. It screamed and burst into a cloud of dust.

Surprised by the new enemy, but hardly frightened, Samus soldiered on. The next room she entered was pitch-black, with a few inches of water on the floor. There was a loud screech, and Samus felt something sharp slash her across the back. She wheeled around to see a dark yellow insectoid monster armed with blade-like claws. A Kihunter. It charged forward and slashed her again, ripping into her Power Suit. Samus stepped back and froze the creature with her Ice Beam. She followed up with a Super Missile, blowing it to pieces.

With the danger over, Samus took a minute to survey the damage to her suit. Text flashed across the inside of her visor: SUIT INTEGRITY: 72%. ALERT: SUPPORT SYSTEMS COMPROMISED. GRAVITY SUIT FUNCTION: 66%. WASTE REMOVAL SYSTEM: 0%. NON-FUNCTIONAL.

That wasn’t good. While her Gravity Suit would still work well enough, having the Waste Removal System broken was a serious annoyance. In Samus’ intergalactic travels, bathrooms weren’t always available, so if worse came to worst, the system allowed her to simply relieve herself in her Power Suit. She hated to do that, though. While the suit did a good job of filtering, she was always left with an uncomfortable damp feeling in the leotard she wore underneath. Besides, it was humiliating to wet herself like a child. Samus had a strong bladder, so she could usually avoid the worst case scenario. However, she realized with a sinking feeling, today she had been holding it ever since she arrived on Zebes.

Samus considered her options and decided she would only wet herself as a last resort. After all, the wrecked ship likely had a restroom. Comforted by that knowledge, Samus continued forward, trying to ignore the nagging pressure in her bladder. She made her way through a seemingly endless series of corridors, blasting away at more of the skull-shaped phantoms. As the minutes dragged on by, her desperation grew worse and worse. She imagined another readout on her visor: BLADDER CAPACITY: 100%. RELEASE IMMINENT. Unable to cross her legs inside her Power Suit, Samus could only clench her abdominal muscles and continue with her desperate search for a bathroom.

After a few more minutes of agony, Samus finally saw salvation: a sign for the restroom. The fact that it was the men’s room didn’t bother her; nobody was watching, and if there were only urinals… well, it had been messy, but she had peed standing up before. Samus flung open the door and felt her hope turn to dismay. The bathroom was in even worse shape than the rest of the ship; the walls were a mess of wrecked pipes and the lone toilet lay in pieces. She didn’t even want to think about the water on the floor. Disappointed, Samus slammed the door shut again.

Samus’ next plan was to look for the ladies’ room, but she had only taken a few steps when a painful spasm ran through her bladder. Slowly but surely, drops of urine began to leak out. To her horror, Samus realized she was seconds away from completely losing control. Unwilling to wet herself, she could only think of one other option. She entered a command into her Power Suit and text popped up: POWER SUIT DISENGAGE. Bit by bit, Samus’ armor fell off, leaving her clad in only her black leotard.

There was no time to lose. Samus quickly lowered herself into a squatting position and pulled the crotch of her leotard aside, leaving the pathway unobstructed. Almost immediately, pee began to flow. It shot out with a hiss in a steady stream, one that was powerful enough to splash the hand holding the leotard aside. Samus winced and tried to control the flow, but it was no use; her bladder wouldn’t obey. She sighed and resigned herself to getting a little wet.

As the golden puddle at her feet continued to grow, Samus widened her squatting stance to avoid splashing her feet. She scowled. After so many hours the release felt fantastic, but she was more annoyed than anything else at having to relieve herself like this. At least it was preferable to soaking her leotard…

Samus’ pee stream sputtered out and she scowled again; there was nothing to wipe with. She shook her hips, sending the last drops flying, then put her leotard back in place. To her relief, the crotch was only a little wet. She put her Power Suit back on and headed for the next room of the ship. Hopefully she could finish exploring it before her bladder filled up again…

###

$$

Yes, the story takes place during Super Metroid and has her wearing her leotard, while the picture shows her in the Zero Suit. Call it artistic license.

