Payday Omorashi 1 - Keep it Quiet

Author: PCPort

*000*2017-09-09 13:28

Payday Omorashi #1 - "Keep it Quiet"

(Note: If there is anyone with artistic talents who would be willing to draw a scene-by-scene for this, it would be much appreciated! ;P)

Warehouse raids are a dime a dozen when the Payday crew is in the area. Yet- this particular one looked pretty promising to Sydney. She had been looking to obtain some more dosh in order to keep making new mask designs, and from what she understood, this particular warehouse was transporting some very profitable goods; A Babylonian statue, and some 17th-century Swedish art.

"It's like the Murkies *want* me stealin' stuff from their precious shipping crates! This'll be fun!" Sydney giggled to herself, as she loaded up the van. Some part of her probably realized that she'd gone a tiny bit overboard on cheap wine earlier that night.

"Ah, whatever-- I'll be back to normal by the time we get there."

Her crew for the night had started prepping the van as well.

"Wolf, you drive tonight." Bodhi gestured to the front seat. "You know the route well enough, right?" Wolf nodded, and they took off for the waterfront.

###

The raid was going exceptionally well by the time Sydney's aching bladder made itself known. The crew had secured the statue, as well as several bags of used dinars. They hadn't had to kill any guards yet, either. However, it was during the 3rd trip back to the van that Sydney realized that she wasn't going to make it. Her full bladder was jostled constantly as she moved bag after bag of contraband, and her urethral muscles screamed at her to release. She had to bite her tongue in order to resist the urge to clamp her hands into her crotch. After about an hour of this, she finally decided that enough was enough.

"Bodhi!" Sydney spoke in a strained whisper.

"What is it?" Bodhi heard the urgency in her voice.

"I-I gotta piss..."

"Oh. *sigh* How bad?"

As if on cue, a surge of tingling pain overcame Sydney's bladder and nether regions. Her knees buckled, and she started doing a sort of bent over pee dance.

"Ah, crap. Okay, here--!" Bodhi cautiously helped the miserably desperate heister to her feet. They made it behind a wall and over to a ledge overlooking the harbor.

"I'll be over by that ladder once you're finished." Bodhi hastily walked away. As soon as he was far enough away, Sydney hurriedly loosened her belt (which had been very unpleasant, considering her bulging bladder). In a single (albeit awkward and sheepish) motion, she pulled her dress pants and undergarments down around her calves, squatted down, positioned her hips so that her ladybits were right over the water, and let go. She began breathing heavily as her pent-up urine started pouring out of her irritated urethra, as strong as a firehose. It was an incredible feeling, amd she relished incredible feelings. She let out a purposefully erotic, shuddering moan as her hot piss hit the water and spattered against the concrete of the wall. Suddenly, however... her long-awaited relief was cut short by a gun pointed at her temple.

*Part 1 End*

*002*2017-09-09 17:20

Thank you so much! I'll post the follow-up as soon as I can. :3

*004*2017-09-10 13:16

Payday Omorashi #2 - "Everything Okay Down There?"

Sydney was stunned. She had gone from sweet relief, to being handcuffed to a railing with her entire lower half still exposed.

"No... No this can't be happening...!" She thought miserably.

The guard reached for his pager. He held it to his cheek. He began paging the control room. He barely got a syllable out before his neck was snapped by Bodhi.

"Uh, sorry control, I eh..." Bodhi's voice sounded a bit hot and bothered. Sydney realized that he was staring at her.

"I saw a-- a bum."

Suddenly, Bodhi wasn't the only one feeling embarrassed.

"Yeah, uh, I tossed him a couple bucks and he left. No cause for alarm." A couple seconds later, and Sydney was gingerly helped to her feet. They met up with by the side exit.

"What took you g-- Oh. Shoot. Sorry, Sydney." Wolf had noticed her soaked underside.

"Bodhi, I--" Sydney stuttered a bit, which was unusual for her.

"Shh. No worries. I'll call up Clover, she'll get us all a ride home."

###

Sure enough, Clover was there with the van in record time. With the loot secured, she set off for the Safehouse. When they arrived, they sat in silence for a bit

"Hey, Sydney. Sorry you had to go through that." Wolf gave her a sympathetic smile. "To tell you the truth, if I were in that situation, I'd probably have... Y'know. Done the same."

Clover turned to them. "Ya, same for me. I'd be the first to admit that my bladder's pretty weak(###)."

"Awww, thanks guys. Of all the drungoes I've met, you're probably the most tolerable." Sydney giggled.

"Welp," Bodhi sighed. "Looks like she's made a full recovery. Now let's get this loot fenced. I think we all deserve a payday..."

*Part 2 end*

(Yes, I hinted at a continuation. You're welcome. Ya wankers.)

