A world where wetting your pants in public is considered normal

Author: Peefanfiction

*000*2017-02-10 01:30

John was just a kid when he gained his peculiar pee fetish. He didn't know how it started, but he never got rid of it. Throughout his teenage years his piss fetish only grew stronger, thanks to copious amounts of porn existing on the internet. He liked to watch girls wet themselves; sometimes, in private when no one was looking, he'd delve into this act himself with a spare pair of jeans or whatever was available at the time. John, who could be reclusive at times, had never actually told anyone about his fetish, for fear of people thinking he was weird. This all changed, however, when John reached the age of 16. You see, that was when John discovered the computer.

He found it on accident. John had been walking back from school when he noticed a cave that was perched on the rocks next to the beach. He decided to enter it, and that's when he found it. A massive computer monitor placed high on the walls. Looking to his left, he noticed an object which he reckonised from various movies and tv. It was a portal, currently in active. Protruding from either side were curved edges of rock which looked like the horns of Satan. Suddenly, the computer spoke,

"greetings, human. You are the first to discover me since my creator built me. He is long since gone. I can grant you a parallel universe of your desire, you need only to enter the portal and you will be there. You can return through the same cave in that universe, if you wish."

*001*2017-02-10 01:31

{{On 2/9/2017 at 8:30 PM, Peefanfiction said:

John was just a kid when he gained his peculiar pee fetish. He didn't know how it started, but he never got rid of it. Throughout his teenage years his piss fetish only grew stronger, thanks to copious amounts of porn existing on the internet. He liked to watch girls wet themselves; sometimes, in private when no one was looking, he'd delve into this act himself with a spare pair of jeans or whatever was available at the time. John, who could be reclusive at times, had never actually told anyone about his fetish, for fear of people thinking he was weird. This all changed, however, when John reached the age of 16. You see, that was when John discovered the computer.

He found it on accident. John had been walking back from school when he noticed a cave that was perched on the rocks next to the beach. He decided to enter it, and that's when he found it. A massive computer monitor placed high on the walls. Looking to his left, he noticed an object which he reckonised from various movies and tv. It was a portal, currently in active. Protruding from either side were curved edges of rock which looked like the horns of Satan. Suddenly, the computer spoke,

"greetings, human. You are the first to discover me since my creator built me. He is long since gone. I can grant you a parallel universe of your desire, you need only to enter the portal and you will be there. You can return through the same cave in that universe, if you wish."

}}

More is on the way. Hope you enjoy

"I wish to enter a universe where people freely pee their pants in public, and no one is shocked by it!" Asked John excitedly.

"very well. Step through the portal and you will be their, in the same location, but not the same world."

As the Computer said this, the portal lit up, bursting with green ominous light. Just then, John felt his bladder squeeze, and he realised he started to need to pee. So he stepped through the portal, entering this magical world.

The first thing that hit John was the smell of urine all over the place. He didn't mind it though. Out of the caves and onto the street, heading to his local town, he saw dark patches all over the pavement. "Huh" said John. He really had entered another world. Them orders the hustle and bustle of everyday life passed by, except, he noticed, people now carried the familiar dark stains on their jeans and trousers. Another squeeze. John had to pee now, but still he darent do it for he was to used to having to release in private. Looking further into the crowds he saw a woman walking,freely wetting herself, hot piss trickling down her jeans, creating,long dark streaks of piss. It turned John on. Oh boy did it turn him on.

Whist he was staring at various people who had pissed themselves ( and growing an unavoidable boner ) he noticed people staring st his dry jeans. People here thought he was the weird one for not wetting! By now he really had to go, and although he knew he could without people giving a crap, that familiar feeling that he shouldn't crept upon him.

Later on, he joined what appeared to be a small concert of sorts. As he was enjoying the music, he saw the girl in front of him, only about 17, wearing a blouse and clearly visible panties. He looked as he saw drips and eventually a stream of pee pour out from beneath her panties. She didn't give two messes. Squeezing his legs, John realised there was no point in it, and he began to let go, warmth trickling down the side of his legs, giving him pleasure. He wasn't going to leave anytime soon.

