Closing Shift

Author: pontiac450

*000*2016-11-18 06:19

It was early evening on a hot July day and Kayla was busy stacking cereal boxes on the shelves. She was wearing pink yoga pants and a black t-shirt, with her employee vest layered over it. She worked part time at a supermarket off the highway. Today, however, was a particularly slow day. She paused and listened to the eerie quiet. The only sounds she could hear was that of a far off radio somewhere in the store. Normally there were at least fifty or so people shopping. Why was nobody here? She wondered as she took a big gulp of water. She looked at her watch. Still another hour until the next shift came in. She finished off her water bottle and went back to refilling the shelves with off-brand boxes of cereal.

“Hey, Kayla.”

She looked up. It was her boss, Mr. Sanderson.

“Oh, hi, sir. How’s it going?”

“Alright, thank you. I need you to stock the produce next. Also, since it’s a slow day, it’d be a good time for you and Kevin to set up the patio chairs for the coffee shop. After that, you can pretty much go straight home. Not much to do around here. I wonder why we’re so empty this evening.”

“Okay.” She felt a strong twinge in her bladder. “Is it alright if I take a break? I need to use the restroom.”

“I would, but they’re doing maintenance on the pipes, so there’s no water right now. Sorry.”

“Oh. Okay.”

Kayla didn’t know how long she could it. Her bladder wasn’t weak, but certainly wasn’t the strongest. She put on some earbuds and turned on some music to try and get it off her mind. After the cereal was stocked, she pushed the cart to the back of the store and put a box of tomatoes and lettuce on it. Those were the only things that really needed restocking. She headed to the produce section to stock them. Drinking two bottles of water was not a good idea. She found herself crossing her legs every few minutes to try and hold it. Tomatoes stocked, time for lettuce. She just wanted to get it over with and go home. Maybe just stop at a gas station or a convenience store. She looked down at her watch. 43 minutes.

“Hey, Kayla, Mr. Sanderson told me that we were supposed to set up the chairs or whatever.”

She looked up. Kevin was standing there with a blank expression on his face.

“Oh, uh, yeah. Let’s do that.” She could feel the pressure building in her bladder. It’s alright, she could hold it. Couldn’t she?

The two walked outside to the patio area. It was mostly used by a coffee shop franchise that was built into the store, but it was a nice place to sit down on break. The tables and chairs were under a grey plastic tarp, shielded from the elements. Kevin began to untie the tarp. He pulled the string loose, pulled it off, and the two began setting up the chairs. Kayla looked around nervously. The only other nearby building was an Office Max that Kayla couldn’t recall ever seeing open, let alone anywhere with a bathroom. She pulled chairs off the stack and set them around tables. Wait, didn’t the café have a separate bathroom? It was worth a shot, she thought to herself.

“Hey, Kevin, I’ll be back in a couple minutes. I have to do something.”

“Okay. This shouldn’t take much longer anyways.”

She speedwalked to the café door and pulled it open. A blank looking part timer sat at the cash register, browsing reddit and counting down the minutes until his shift ended.

“Welcome to Second Cup, what can I get for you?”

“Hey, I work in the grocery store. Don’t you guys have an employee bathroom? And, um, can I use it?”

“Sorry, but no. The water’s out.”

“Even here?”

“Yes, that’s how pipes work. Sorry.”

“Thanks anyways.”

The part timer went back to reddit. He probably hasn’t seen a customer all day. She crossed her legs and walked back outside. It was a long shot but at least it was worth asking. She checked her watch. 22 minutes left.

“Where’d you go?” Kevin asked.

“It doesn’t matter. Let’s just finish with these chairs.”

The two idly set up the chairs. She felt the pressure in her bladder slowly building. All she had to do was clock out and drive home. She didn’t even have to do that. Just stop at a Wendy’s or something. Finally, the two were setting up the last of the patio furniture. It looked nice. As if on cue, Mr. Sandersen walked out.

“Good work. You two can clock out early, I don’t have anything for you to do.”

The two walked to the break room together and clocked out. Kayla grabbed her backpack and made a rush to the exit at the back of the store. Her car, an early 90s Jeep Cherokee, was parked at the far end of the lot. She walked as fast as she could while grabbing her crotch and reached into her bag for her keys, but they weren’t there. She checked her pockets. No keys. Where were they? She remembered that they were in her locker. It was fine, she could walk back. This was getting tedious. She put her bag under the car and walked back into the store.

She grabbed her keys and once again walked out the exit. This time she did an awkward pee run towards her car. She grabbed her bag, unlocked the door, started the engine and drove out of the lot. As the car pulled onto the highway, she was relieved at the lack of traffic. It was only a ten minute drive home, and there were places to stop on the way. At this point, she could barely hold it. She was constantly fidgeting and had one hand wedged in her crotch. She went by an exit. No stores or anything. And a second. Again, nothing. She passed a third exit that had two gas stations and a Burger King, but it was closed for construction. She felt a few dribbles drop into her panties. She knew for a fact that the next exit had a McDonalds.

She was already going 10 over the limit, but it didn’t matter. She only had a few minutes before she completely wet herself. The exit sign came over the horizon, and she immediately turned into the exit. However, there was a Mercury station wagon in front of her that was doing 20 under the limit. She honked her horn at the old lady in front of her. But her efforts were all in vain. Her bladder gave way and she completely wet herself and the seat. Pee spilled off the simulated leather seat onto the floor, where it pooled under the gas pedal. Her pants were completely soaked, and because of the design of the seat, she was now sitting in a puddle of her own pee. It sloshed around as the car moved. There was no point in stopping now. She got back on the highway, got home, showered, cleaned her car, and tried to forget this ever happened.

