Omovember 2020: Introduction and Day 1

Author: PPP

*000*2020-11-02 03:43

This year, I'm going to try something new. The Omovember challenge has been going around lately, and it entails writing a story a day based on various prompts. I'll probably fall behind, but I'll give it my best shot. There are a few different prompt lists out there, so I combined them. My prompts are:

Day 1: Desperate in a vehicle

Day 2: Desperate during sex

Day 3: Relieving themself in the woods

Day 4: Desperate during a presentation or performance

Day 5: Drunk and desperate

Day 6: Too busy to take a break

Day 7: Need to go while on a walk

Day 8: Desperate while in costume

Day 9: At school

Day 10: Urgent, but bathroom is up to par

Day 11: Locked out of the bathroom

Day 12: Trapped and desperate

Day 13: At the beach

Day 14: Unexpected diuretic effect

Day 15: Wetting on a dare

Day 16: Shy bladder

Day 17: Relieving themselves in a potted plant

Day 18: Peeing in a container

Day 19: Desperate and needing assistance

Day 20: Deliberate wetting as part of a plan

Day 21: Wetting a swimsuit

Day 22: Need to go during a fight

Day 23: In a boat

Day 24: While camping

Day 25: Fighting for the toilet

Day 26: Peeing on the floor

Day 27: Bedwetting

Day 28: Peeing in an alley

Day 29: Unable to get clothing off in time

Day 30: Your choice

Can anyone guess what characters I'll use? Anyway, here's Day 1.

###

Day 1: Desperate in a vehicle Rally (Gunsmith Cats)

###

“Hurry, hurry, hurry! We’re gonna lose him!”

“Damn it, I know that!” Rally Vincent growled from the driver’s seat. The gunsmith and bounty hunter was currently racing down the streets of Chicago in her Shelby Cobra GT-500, in hot pursuit of her latest target. Her partner, Minnie May Hopkins, sat beside her providing firepower and backseat driver commentary. Rally pressed her foot even harder on the gas pedal, and the Cobra shot forward like one of her bullets. But it still wasn’t enough; the target had both a huge head start and a complete disregard for road safety.

Then again, thought Rally, those in glass houses…

“We’ll never catch this guy! ” May moaned.

“Not in a straight race we won’t,” Rally replied. “Get the map from the glove compartment and see if there’s anywhere we can cut him off. Until then, I just gotta keep him in my sights.”

“You got it, Rally.”

Minnie May sipped from her coffee cup as she studied the road map. Listening to her drink, Rally started to feel a pang of regret about downing hers in one gulp that morning. It wasn’t that it was making her jittery (she wasn’t a morning person and needed her daily caffeine), but rather its other effects. Earlier, she had just finished her breakfast when May burst in with a lead on the target. As a result, Rally had rushed out the door without a chance to visit the bathroom. Now, the coffee’s diuretic effects were starting to make themselves unpleasantly clear.

Crossing her legs wasn’t really an option while driving, so Rally had to make do with fidgeting in her seat and praying the chase would be over soon.

“Any luck, May?” she asked with more than a hint of desperation in her voice.

“Not yet, sorry,” came Minnie May’s reply, much to Rally’s dismay. “Hey Rally, are you okay? You look a little… twitchy.”

“I’m fine, I’m fine,” Rally lied, squirming in her seat. “I just really want to catch this bastard.”

She could feel the urge to pee getting worse and worse. The contents of her bladder were begging for release, and she wasn’t sure how long she could hold them back.

Please, please hurry, Rally silently begged.

“Got it!” May cried suddenly, giving Rally a shock and nearly causing her to leak. “He’s heading for the I-90 North. If you take this next left, then the third right, you’ll be on the South and you’ll run right into him!”

“On it,” said Rally, snaking the Cobra around the sharp turn.

The shortcut took them through some poorly-paved back roads. Rally winced as each bump jostled her bladder, which felt like it would give out at any minute.

“Shit!” cried Minnie May as they went over a particularly large pothole. The last of her coffee hit the windshield, and it was the loud splashing sound that finally pushed Rally over the edge.

“Oh no,” she moaned as she felt a warm spurt release into her underwear.

Dammit! thought Rally. I’m seconds away from completely pissing myself! I’ll ruin the seats! She looked frantically for a solution. What if I- no! I can’t! Another spurt, longer this time, leaked out. Oh, screw it!

“Minnie!” Rally cried. “Pull down my pants!”

“What?” May shrieked. “Are you high?”

“Just do it, I can’t get a hand free!” Rally ordered. “Panties too!”

Red-faced, May obliged, yanking Rally’s pants and underwear down to her ankles in one swift tug.

“Now hand me your coffee cup!” Rally shouted.

“Okay,” said May, handing it over, “but I don’t see- Oh no. You gotta be joking!”

A loud hissing noise informed her that no, Rally was not joking. As soon as she got the cup the desperate driver had held it up to her crotch, one hand keeping it in place, one on the steering wheel. Rally’s bladder had instantly let go, and was now gratefully emptying itself into the cup. She moaned with relief as she peed, and would have closed her eyes in bliss if she weren’t driving. Her stream continued for a solid 30 seconds, and she was starting to worry about overflowing, but then the stream started to turn to dribbles. The last drop plopped in with a sense of finality, and Rally sighed.

“Holy shit, that felt good.”

“Rally! The turn!”

Rally cursed again and swung the car around, narrowly avoiding the curb. She got on the ramp to the I-90, where she soon saw the target’s Cadillac approaching from the opposite direction. Minnie May drew her Glock and fired four expertly placed shots, blowing out the car’s tires. The driver screamed as he spun out of control and hit the guardrail. As traffic swerved to avoid the accident, Rally pulled up alongside him. Unsteady and bleeding from a gash on his head, the target staggered out of his car.

“Freeze!” shouted Rally, aiming her CZ 75 pistol at him. The man took one look at her and burst out laughing. For a moment, Rally wondered what was so funny. Then she felt a breeze between her legs and realized, to her horror, that she had forgotten to pull her pants back up in the excitement of the chase.

“Goddammit!” Rally screamed. She quickly covered her modesty with her spare hand, but the man kept laughing. Incensed, Rally grabbed the coffee cup from her car and tossed its contents into his face.

“What the hell was that?” cried the man. “Wait. This is piss! It-”

She shut him up with a swift blow to the head, knocking him unconscious.

Rally silently fumed as she and Minnie May drove back, their target tied up in the back seat.

“Aw, cheer up,” said May. “We got the bounty, didn’t we? That’s this month’s electric bill taken care of!”

“I guess” said Rally. “Just promise not to mention the details when we turn him in.”

“Got it,” said May. There was an awkward pause before she continued. “Oh, and Rally?”

“Yeah?”

“When you, uh, threw your pee in his face…”

“Spit it out,” Rally ordered.

“I think he might’ve, you know, gotten off to that.”

“Shut up, May.”

“Sorry.”

###

Stay tuned for more!

