Omovember 2021: Day 1

Author: PPP

*000*2021-11-03 16:39

$$

It begins! As stated before, I won't be doing all of the prompts this time. I will, however, try to do roughly one every other day, since I currently have 15 planned.

(For the full list, see here: https://www.omorashi.org/topic/71531-omovember-2021-prompts-list/

)

For this first one, inspiration came while I was playing The Outer Worlds and came across a quote that got me thinking. Namely, Elijah's first line, which I included verbatim and grew my story from. Enjoy!

###

Day 1: At a party/drunk Nyoka (The Outer Worlds)

###

Of all the planets in the Halcyon System, Monarch had to be the most desolate and deadly. It was an arid wasteland infested with vicious raptidons and mantisaurs, and the few vestiges of civilization weren’t much better. Stellar Bay, the planet’s main hub, was a run-down outpost with an inescapable odor of fish. Still, there were bright spots, chief among them being The Yacht Club. It was Stellar Bay’s main bar and despite the fact that there were no actual yachts there, it was a decent place to get a drink. Most nights, Nyoka was there.

Nyoka finished her seventh beer and turned to the young man next to her. “To shreds, you say?”

“That’s right,” he replied, voice swelling with pride. “That mantiqueen slaughtered them in seconds. But I wasn’t scared. I grabbed my rifle, and as it breathed fire at me-”

“Hold it,” Nyoka interrupted. “Breathing fire? I knew your story was bullshit.”

“W-what?” the man stammered. “No, I swear-”

“Save it,” said Nyoka. “Maguire, gimme another.” The bartender obliged, and Nyoka continued.

“First of all, mantiqueens don’t breathe fire. Take it from the greatest hunter on Monarch. You wanna know what they do? They spit plasma, and that shit’s much worse. At least fire kills you quickly. Plasma, though? It eats away at you bit by bit, and you die screaming as you…”

Nyoka trailed off. The stool next to her was suddenly empty. Behind the counter, Maguire sighed.

“That’s the fifth one this week. You gotta stop scaring off my customers!”

“Hey, I’m scaring them straight,” Nyoka protested. “We don’t need any more people chasing monsters to try and impress me. Plus, I drink enough for five people anyway!”

“Can’t argue there,” Maguire muttered.

“Another,” Nyoka ordered, slurring slightly. The bartender obliged, but with a word of warning.

“After this one, I’m cutting you off.”

“Aw, c’mon,” Nyoka protested. “You know I got enough Bits for more.”

“I don’t care,” said Maguire, crossing his arms. “I don’t need you puking all over my walls again. So you better savor this one, because it’s your last.”

Nyoka did as he advised, nursing her beer over a period of several minutes. When the bottle was finally empty, she looked up and found that the room was spinning. She closed her eyes and shook her head, sending her magenta dreadlocks flying, but when she looked again, the situation hadn’t improved.

“Shit,” Nyoka muttered. “Guess all that booze fuh-finally caught up with me.” Putting her hands on the bar to steady herself, the drunk hunter slowly rose from her stool. Standing up, Nyoka felt another effect of the alcohol. In her sitting position, Nyoka hadn’t realized how full her bladder was. Now, however, she could feel all of the liquid sloshing around inside her.

“‘Scuse me, Maguire,” said Nyoka, handing over the Bits to pay her tab. “Gotta take a leak.”

“Mm-hm,” the bartender mumbled, counting her change. “You know where to go.”

On somewhat shaky legs, Nyoka headed for the ladies’ room. She had barely gone ten feet, however, when she ran into a problem: a line of women, at least a dozen of them, stood between her and the restroom. Nyoka’s heart sank as she saw several of them were fidgeting with pained looks of desperation on their faces. Clearly, it was going to be a while.

“Maguire!” she shouted. “What’s with all the ladies?”

“Well,” the bartender explained, “you’ve been driving a lot of the men away with your horror stories. They’re the only ones left!”

Makes sense, Nyoka thought. Women aren’t constantly trying to hit on me. At least, not quite as often…

“Ah! No!” The cry shook Nyoka from her introspection. She looked towards the source and a terrible sight met her eyes. The wait had apparently been too long for one of the women in line, who was now sobbing as the crotch of her pants darkened. A growing yellow puddle lay at her feet, and Nyoka felt her bladder clench in sympathy. She crossed her legs, shut her eyes and prayed for the line to move, her urge to pee getting worse by the second. Nyoka squirmed as she willed herself to hold it in, even as her bladder screamed in protest.

“Hurry up hurry up hurry up hurry up,” she repeated breathlessly.

Eventually, Nyoka couldn’t wait any longer. With her bladder ready to burst, she dared to open her eyes.

“Fuck!” she cried. The line had shrunk by two people, three at the most. Most of the women had abandoned all sense of dignity as they clutched themselves, dancing in place in an effort to stave off the inevitable. Nyoka felt a short jet of pee leak out of her, and in that instant she knew she wouldn’t make it. The line was moving too slowly, and with all the beer she had drank, the mess would be huge if she wet herself. Nyoka briefly considered the men’s room, but the sounds of retching from within put a swift stop to that. With no other options, she dashed out the front door, hands squeezed between her legs.

Outside, Nyoka looked around desperately for a place where nobody would see her. Plenty of people walked the streets even at this hour, but she spotted an alley behind The Yacht Club that looked deserted. Nyoka quickly ducked into the alley, where she found out that looks were deceiving.

“Hey, what’re you doing here?” The speaker stepped out of the shadows, revealing himself to be a rough-looking man in a worker’s cap and overalls. Three others, dressed similarly, lurked behind him. Nyoka recognized the first man as Elijah, a lowlife working for Sublight Salvage. “This is our secret alley,” Elijah continued. “Berta already pissed by those crates to mark it.” He gestured towards the scraggly-haired woman next to him, who grinned with pride.

At the word “piss,” Nyoka felt another drop leak out. She knew Elijah could be trouble, but she wasn’t going to let him stop her, not when relief was so close.

“Izzat so?” Nyoka retorted. She undid her belt. “We’ll see about that.”

“If it’s a fight you want,” Elijah sneered, “then- hey, hey, what the fuck are you doing?”

Nyoka had dropped her pants and underwear and was now standing with her legs spread wide. With no time to squat, she simply tilted her hips back and let loose, releasing a torrent of urine. It hit the ground with a loud splash, sending droplets flying. Nyoka moaned in relief as she kept peeing, steam rising from the growing golden pool at her feet. She felt a few rivulets running down her legs, and she had almost certainly splashed her boots, but she didn’t care; emptying her bladder after so long simply felt incredible.

After a solid minute, Nyoka was finally drained. She shook herself dry, redressed, then turned to face a wide-eyed Berta.

“See that?” she bragged, pointing at the massive puddle she had left behind. “It’s my secret alley now, bitch!” Berta and her colleagues were silent for a moment, seemingly in awe. Then…

“She pissed on our turf!” Elijah shouted. “Get her!”

“This’ll be fun,” Nyoka said to herself as the thugs charged.

The fight lasted less than a minute. Nyoka might have done the most drinking that night, but the next morning, Elijah and company would have the biggest headaches.

###

Next up: Peeing while someone watches

