Inspired by "Times of Desperation"

Author: Plimpy

*000*2017-07-29 10:42

Hello,

This is my first post. It was heavily inspired by "Times of Desperation" by DespMely, I hope it's okay to draw inspiration from other authors. If not, please delete this! if you have any requests or suggestions how the story might continue, feel free to offer them, I might work them into it. If you like it I will post another chapter soon.

This contains queueing, wetting and male and female desperation (mainly pee, a bit poo too, but no scat).

At the Table - this chapter finds our protagonists trapped at a banquet table with way to many courses

Lady Miriam sighed as the waiter filled up her glass once more. The glittering stream of lightly coloured white wine made her wince as she thought of another sort of stream of a similar colour she would like to unleash. She changed her sitting position once more, recrossing her legs the other way around. It was just no use! She had been sitting at this banquet for hours and as one of the guests of honour she couldn't possibly leave her seat before her hosts did. She had been invited to the yearly ball by Duke Merryweather and his wife.

They were gracious and very generous hosts so the glasses were filled regularly with the best wine in the country. There were corresponding drinks with all the courses and on many occasions on which different attendants of the banquet rose, gave a short toast and raised their glass. They had drunk to the pope, the king, the queen, several noblemen that had died the previous year and a whole bunch of other people. And for every one of them you had to drown your glass. Miriam hated them all at this moment. She could feel every single one of these people in her bladder in the form of a swift pang every few minutes.

She sighed again and shifter her weight uncomfortably. When she looked up she saw the waiters bring in trays full of sweet treats and fruit. Finally! A sweet course! That would mean the dinner would be over soon. Usually there were two or three rounds of different sweets and maybe some cheese. But after that hopefully the strict rules of the dinner would be lifted and she would finally be able to look for the nearby privy.

She bit her lip and chose a few treats from the offered tray. She already felt stuffed and uncomfortable, as if her full stomach was adding pressure to her aching bladder, but she knew she mustn't offend her hosts by not eating at least a little of each course. Her fingers involuntarily grabbed the fabric of her dress above her knee as a waiter filled her empty glass with a amber coloured liquid. The tinkle of the liquid flowing into the glass was nearly to much to bear.

While she nibbled on a sweet pastry she looked around the table. Right next to her was Isabelle, a young lady of high birth she had met several times before. They got along well and Miriam smiled as she saw how Isabelle's lips tightened when the waiter poured her a fresh drink. They had talked about this problem before, at nearly every banquet of this sort both of them struggled with their bladders. And how stupid this all was! Several hours of food and drinks and no way to relieve yourself without being utterly rude!

And the girls didn't seem to be the only ones who were having trouble either. She saw several strained faces and even one or two ladies who had one of their hands hidden below the table, possibly to hold themselves as best as possible in their festive gowns.

On Miriam's right Sir Jaime was droning on and on about some tourney he had fought in this summer and how exactly he had unseated his opponent. Miriam's only duty was to look mildly interested and to nod and say “Oh really? Did you? How brave of you!” on occasion. Sir Jaime was a few years older than her and her parents viewed him as a suitable candidate for marriage. He was dull, but handsome and Miriam thought she could probably do worse than him. But having no distraction through an interesting conversation didn't exactly help her to cope with her ever filling bladder.

Her her hand shook slightly as she raised her glass to her lips and nipped a bit of the drink. It was quite a strong sweet wine and she could pretty much feel every single drop of it running down her throat and joining the copious amounts of liquid in her bladder. She pressed her thighs together under her dress. How much longer could this dinner take?! With relieve she noticed the waiters clearing the tables again and bringing out another course of sweets.

Miriam's desperation continued through the next course, her hands shaking more and her legs crossed tightly under her dress. During the third course of sweets she noticed Lady Precilla, a slighlty older woman, maybe in her forties, clamp her stomach. The Lady was sitting a few places away from her around a corner of the table, so Miriam could see her face and upper body over the table. She was sweating visibly and leaned slightly forwards, her lips pressed so tightly together that they were white. Suddenly, she closed her eyes as if she were in great pain, clutching her stomach again and then opened them with a look of horror.

With shaking fingers she put down her knife and fork and dabbed her lips delicately with her napkin. Her face covered in tiny droplets of sweat and with an audible strain in her voice, she leaned forward to their hosts: “I am terribly sorry, but I do have to leave the table for a moment, your highness. Please forgive me, but it's utterly necessary.” The Duchess looked quite shocked at this rude breach of protocol, but waved her away graciously: “Of course my dear Precilla, go if you must.” With a look of relief Lady Precilla got up in such a hurry that she nearly toppled over her chair instead of waiting for a page to pull it out for her. She turned, her face beet red, from the table while everyone was staring at her and left the room in a hurry, her veil and dress rustling behind her.

Miriam grinned to herself and shared a wordless exchange of raised eyebrows with Isabelle. They both knew what must have happened. The Lady had not been able to control either her bladder or her stomach and because she didn't want to soil herself completely at the table, she had chosen the lesser embarrassment of leaving the hall while dinner was still ongoing. The other guests and the hosts didn't seem as understanding as she and Isabelle were. From all sides there was disgusted muttering about this rudeness and utter lack of manners. Miriam entertained herself for a second with the thought how the other guests would have reacted to Lady Precilla wetting herself or – even worse – messing herself right there at the table, but she was brought back to reality moments later by another sharp jolt in her bladder. This was getting very very urgent indeed.

She glanced at Isabelle who seemed in no better state. Her fingers were tightened around her dessert spoon so much that the knuckles shone with through the skin and Miriam imagined that she could see her friend's swollen bladder under her dress. But that was probably just imagination brought on by her own desperate need.

Finally the cheese course arrived. Lady Precilla had not returned to the hall yet. Miriam mused, if that was because the lady was still on the privy getting rid of whatever was bothering her or if she couldn't face the shame of having to walk back into the hall and have everyone stare at her again.

Miriam shifted her weight again and tried to press her crotch against the chair. If this dinner wouldn't end soon she herself would have to consider something as drastic as Lady Precilla. But no, she couldn't do it. Not after she had witnessed the other guests reactions. There was no other way, she would have to hold it until the banquet was officially over.

Her boring neighbour Sir Jaime had turned towards the lady on his right and was telling her all his fascinating stories, so she leaned over to Isabelle and whispered: “This is bad, isn't it? If I don't get to a privy soon, I will soil myself right in this chair.”. Isabelle chuckled silently but answered in a serious tone: “You do realize that every woman in this room is in the same place as we are and probably a good portion of the men too. So even if the dinner ends soon, we have to pray that there will be more than one privy and no queue.”. She grinned bitterly at Miriam's looks of horror. She hadn't thought about that! This castle wasn't really built for this many guests especially not for them having to use the privy all at the same time! She felt her neck and palms getting slightly sweaty and her bladder gave another twinge.

*003*2017-07-29 20:07

I am happy at least some people seemed to enjoy my little story, so here is another short-ish chapter. I hope you like it!

Chapter Two - The banquet ends

Finally the cheese course was cleared away. The evenings host rose and with his glass in his hand, he started into a speech: “It is lovely to see you all here, I enjoyed this dinner very much and I would like to take this opportunity to direct a few words at you....” Oh please! Miriam thought, please just make it quick, I am dying here! Several other women in the audience started to look very uncomfortable indeed while the Duke droned on and on about his sons and daughters and his army ans whatever else. Miriam wasn't listening, there was only one thought in her head: I need to get to a privy now, I need to pee, I need to go now....

When he was finally finished, he raised his glass for a last toast and Miriam drowned her own glass of whatever fresh hell the waiters had poured in there. She could fee tears in the corners of her eyes.

But finally the Duke and Duchess stood up to mingle with their guests, that was the sign for Miriam and Isabelle to get up and leave the room.

Miriam stood up as quickly as she could while still looking dignified. When she stood pain shot through her abdomen and she was forced to lean forward. Her Legs clamped together tightly she shut her eyes because of the pain and because she could feel a small leak wetting her underwear. Nothing would be visible form the outside yet, but she knew she had no time to loose to find a privy. Her legs still pressed together as best she could, her back straight and her face set with a look of concentration she left the hall through the nearest exit. Luckily nobody stopped her on the way out, her expression seemed to be enough to keep people away who wished to make small talk.

In the hallway she looked around for a sign of the privy, when she noticed one of the servant girls hurrying across the hallway with a very familiar pained expression on her face and one hand hurried in her crotch, pressing the fabric of her skirt to her body. Miriam followed her, hoping she had the same goal as herself. Not far now! She would be at the privy soon! She could make it!

When they rounded a corner of the hallway Miriam's heart sank. There were several people standing in line before her.

In the front of the queue there was a highborn lady, dressed in a very expensive blue gown with a stiff corset and her hair set in elaborate curls. She was standing very stiffly and didn't seem to be in much trouble at a first glance. But Miriam noticed how her hands opened and closed in rapid succession, her knuckles shining white whenever she balled them into tight fists.

Second in line was a young chambermaid, who had her arms crossed over her chest, her legs rubbing against each other under her dress while she tapped her foot and shifted her weight around. She looked over her shoulder when Miriam and the servant girl arrived and Miriam saw that she was chewing her lip with a slight look of fear on her face.

Third in line was a Nobleman who changed his weight from foot to foot while waiting. He also looked around to see if there was any other place to relieve himself, but in this lavishly decorated castle, there was no other place to go than this privy. He seemed to be in quite a bit of deperation, frequently grabbing his crotch through his tight trousers, even in the presence of the women around him.

The waitress she had followed reached the line before Miriam. She noticed the highborn lady getting in line behind her and, even though she looked close to crying turned around to Miriam ans asked: “Would you like to go before my, Mylady? It's not my place to keep you from relieving yourself.” Miriam was tempted for a second, but the note of panic in the girls voice and the way she had grabbed her crotch earlier made her shake her head: “It's fine. I can wait.” But could she really? Walking had given her the illusion of a quick relieve, but standing still her need seemed to increase tenfold. These stupid rules about banquets! All those stupid toasts! She closed her eyes for a moment and tried to calm herself, breathing deeply. But that only made her bladder twinge and forced her to bend her knees slightly while leaning forwards. Miriam didn't know how much longer she could last.

*006*2017-07-30 10:31

I would do that, but I can't find out how to add tags to an existing post/topic. If I can't do it for this one, I will try to remember next time I post something.

But in this story there will be no more mention of messing (I think) and no messing will occur in the story, if that helps you. There will be some further mild poo desperation and mention of pooing though.

*007*2017-07-30 10:33

Chapter Three - in this chapter there is a change of viewpoint and you experience what's happening through Isabelle's eyes

Behind Miriam her friend Isabelle got in line. Isabelle was desperate to pee herself, but she had a whole other problem. She was incredibly horny. She had known for a long time that people – especially women – who were in dire need to relieve themselves gave her this pleasure and she therefor enjoyed banquets of this sort a whole lot. But never in her wildest dreams could she have come up with this! She had been watching Miriam for most of the dinner, noticing how her friend got more and more desperate as the courses went by. When Lady Precilla had given in to her need and left the table, she had let out a quiet moan of lust. Luckily the noise had been mistaken as a sign of indignation by the other guests. When Miriam had mentioned her need to her, she had needed to exert all her strength not to push her hand between her tights – not because her need was so great at this point, but because her throbbing clitoris demanded her attention.

Now she stood in line behind all these people showing obvious signs of desperation and she didn't know what to do. She could feel her hard nipples rubbing agains her undergarments, the wetness that coated her labia and at the same time the throbbing of her pulse in her overfilled bladder. Without thinking about it she rubbed her thighs together, stimulating her aching clitoris. Just as unconsciously she started to tighten and relax her muscles, increasing the amount of pleasure she felt. She let out a soft moan.

Miriam turned around looking worried: “It's bad, isn't it? I am not sure if I can wait for all these people to go before me!” She had obviously understood Isabelle's moan as a sign of desperation rather than arousal. Isabelle hastened to put a pained look on her face: “Yeah, it's really bad. I don't know either if I can manage. How are you feeling?” she tried to look worried for her friend while secretly hoping Miriam would further her fantasy by describing her need to her. Her friend indulged her without knowing how hot her words sounded to Isabelle: “I feel like I am about to burst at any second. Seriously, I don't think I can hold on very much longer.” she bend over slightly, giving Isabelle a nice little peak into the neckline of her dress. Isabelle could see her friends breasts moving with her sharp intake of breath.

“Uuuuh, that was bad. I think I leaked a little! O please, I don't want to loose it in front of all these people!” Isabelle could see tears shimmering in the corners of Miriam's eyes and she felt a slight hint of pity that was covered almost instantly by a throbbing in her clitoris and labia. Seeing her friend in this much desperation made Isabelle incredibly horny and she could feel her cheeks blushing and her undergarments getting drenched in moisture. Her own need to pee nearly took a backseat to the overwhelming feeling of arousal. She would have given anything to shove her hand beneath her dress and bring herself to a glorious orgasm. She knew it would have taken very little at this point to send her over the edge. But standing in a hallway with people all around her, she was reduced to pressing her thighs together and clenching her muscles to stimulate herself as best as she could. Luckily Miriam was to occupied with her own need to notice much or anything around her.

*010*2017-07-31 06:58

Thank you very much! Here's the next chapter for you all. In this chapter there will be mentions of poo desperation and pooing, but no messing happens in the story.

Chapter Four - this chapter sees one our protagonists reach for truly desperate solutions

The door to the privy opened and the stiff-backed Lady in front of the queue nearly ran over the man leaving the little chamber as she hurried inside. They could hear her making some small angry noises and a lot of rustling of fabric, as the Lady inside the privy hoisted up her many skirts and untied her silken underwear. Then there was a guttural moan of relief and the noise of water hitting the stagnant water that was in the bottom of the privy. The noise made Miriam bite her teeth together and knot her legs around each other even tighter. She could feel a few drops escaping her. She hoped that those would not stain the fabric of her underskirts, but right now it felt like the thin fabric of her underwear was still able to absorb the liquid. But it made her worry, because there were still four people before her in line and if she was already leaking, how would she be able to hold her pee until she got into the privy?

Miriam was ripped out of these musings as she heard the nobleman second in line grunting to himself “God damnit, this is taking way to long!” she had never seen a man in this kind of distress, usually they seemed to be much better at holding than the women were and they didn't let the a young woman notice otherwise anyways. But the man in front of her seemed to loose all sense of decorum as he shifted his weight from one leg to the other and kneaded his crotch trought the thin fabric of his pants.

The noise of splattering water from the privy had stopped and they could hear the lady rearranging her many skirts and dresses. Miriam wished she would hurry up, but she knew the woman would not come out of there unless her gown was looking proper again. The young girl in front of the door had begun to hop up and down, her upper body bent over and her hand jammed between her legs in utter desperation. Miriam could hear her muttering “Please, please, please, please....” as she danced frantically, trying to contain herself until the privy door opened.

The waitress in front of Miriam seemed to have another problem that added to her distress. Miriam could hear her stomach growling and the girl held her belly as if she was in great pain. Looking down Miriam could see that the girls butt cheeks were clenched tightly under her dress. She seemed to have another need besides having to pee as the rest of them. This would take even longer to resolve than a quick pee for everyone. Miriam's courage faltered even more. If the woman in front of her needed to poo too, it would take her even longer to reach the privy. While she still thought about this, the waitresses stomach made another loud gurgling noise and the woman drew in her breath sharply, clutching one hand to her belly and the other over her clenched butt. It probably didn't help much, but the woman seemed utterly desperate to relief herself.

Finally the handle turned and the lady stepped out of the chamber. She stepped aside as the young maid swiftly ran into the chamber, already pulling up her skirts. She was unable to get her underwear off or close the door, her whole focus seemed to be to get onto the privy before her floodgates opened completely. Miriam could see a wet patch grow between her legs as she fell onto the seat of the privy and let out a sigh of relief. She was pissing right through her soaked underwear. The maid hurriedly closed the door as the gushing grew louder, her face red but very pleased.

Miriam tried to ignore the noise as best as she could, but the sound of the girls rushing piss seemed to signal to her bladder that this was the place to pee. She needed all her strength to stop another leak from soiling her clothes. Her muscles were tight and started hurting, her abdomen felt hard and swollen and she could feel sweat trickling down her back.

But apparently she was still better off than the Nobleman who now stood in front of the door. He was getting more and more restless, when suddenly he burst out in a grunt: “I can't do it, I just can't! God damn it!” and Miriam's utter shock he took two steps over to an ornamental vase that stood along the corridor. One of his hands ripped down the front of his pants and the other grabbed his penis out of the opening. It was already spewing pee as he pointed it in the direction of the the vase and let loose completely. He arched his back and let our a deep moan of pleasure and relief. His stream hit the vase with tremendous force and made a terrible splattering noise that pushed Miriam's desperation even further.

While the man was still pissing into the vase the door of the privy opened and a very embarrassed yet still very relieved looking maid came out of the chamber. The waitress who had led Miriam to the privy rushed in. She managed to close the door, tapping her feet frantically and they could hear a quick rustling of fabric and then a soft moan and a the noise of something solid falling into water. Moments later the sound of rushing pee was added and once again the noise made Miriam wince. She could feel another spurt escaping her despite her clenched muscles.

A trickle of warm liquid ran down her leg, ending somewhere above her knee before she could stop the flow once again. This wouldn't work! If she didn't get into the privy very very soon she would loose control completely and soil herself right here in this hallway. The nobleman had finished his business in the vase and had slunk away quickly without looking back at anyone. Now that his need was taken care of the embarrassment about what he had done in his desperation seemed to have come back to him. He would probably leave the castle as fast he could before anyone could ask him about the vase or the prominent wet spot on the front of his trousers.

*013*2017-07-31 14:04

That means a lot to me, coming from you! I was worried you would be mad I would borrow so heavily from you, so I am very glad you approve of the story!

*014*2017-07-31 19:04

Please tell me if you enjoyed my little story and if you would like me to write any more stories! Please also tell me if you have any suggestions for places or themes or what you would like to read!

Last Chapter - a fulminant finale to our story

Miriam felt another trickle of pee run down between her clenched thighs and she knew she had only seconds to spare before her bladder would give up on her. She frantically started knocking on the privy door: “Please hurry! I am about to wet myself! Please! I need to get in there!” She could hear the panic and the hint of tears in her voice and her heart fell as she heard the answer from the woman inside: “I am very sorry, but err... I think I need another moment...” This statement was accompanied by another splash of something falling into the water. Miriam could feel tears burning in her tightly closed eyes. Her hand was wrenched between her legs to add every ounce of pressure she could to her burning opening. To keep the flood in for a few more moments. She could do it! She would not soil herself right here in this hallway. She just wouldn't.

But the pressure was overwhelming and she could feel another few ounces of liquid escape her. The fabric she had bunched between her legs together with her hand became slightly damp and she bent over even more. Please, please, please, please... Just get out of there! Let me relieve myself! Please! She silently begged for the door to open, but there were still noises of the woman in there relieving herself and grunting quietly.

Isabelle watched her friend with a mixture of pity and arousal. She could see that Miriam was in pain and very desperate, but she still felt light headed because of how hot it was to watch. When the nobleman had given into his desperation by pissing shamelessly into the vase, she had felt her nipples harden even more. They were visible even through her gown by now. With every rubbing of her thighs her clitoris screamed for attention from her fingers. Her labia were swollen and slick with moisture. Isabelle wasn't entirely sure if the wetness was only a result of her arousal or if one or two spurts of urine had already escaped her. Her bladder throbbed nearly as bad as her clitoris, she was on the brink of loosing control, just like Miriam.

When her friend started pounding on the privy door Isabelle felt sure for a second that she was about to cum from arousal alone, without even touching herself, but the frantic pleading and dancing of her friend did not push her over the edge entirely. She understood perfectly where Miriam's panic was coming from though. A few more minutes of the girl in there relieving herself and she and Miriam would be standing in a shared puddle of pee. At this thought Isabelle could feel her clenched muscles giving way for a moment and a surprisingly long spurt of pee gushed into her undergarments. The hot liquid soaked the thin fabric and she could feel it clinging to her legs, cupping her crotch. The wet material felt nice on her sensitive vulva and she let out a soft moan. She managed to stop the leak before it became visible from the outside, but she knew she didn't have long now to get to the privy.

For a moment she thought about something desperate like the Nobleman had done, but there was nothing in view that was low enough to squat over and if she went somewhere to look for another place to relief herself, she was sure she would loose her battle within the first steps she took. She could barely stand upright at this point, walking around was out of the question.

Miriam whimpered and clutched herself, her upper body bent nearly double, her knees also bent, her butt wiggling up and down. At long last they could hear the woman inside get up and rearrange her dress. The privy door opened and the waitress quickly stepped aside to allow Miriam entrance. Her whimpering and moaning got louder as she tried to hobble inside the privy. She was so close to reaching her goal! But as she lifted her right leg a few centimetres to step over the door sill her bladder finally gave way to the floods she had been keeping inside her for so long. Pee started to run down her legs without any control. Miriam stood as if struck by lightning, one foot inside the privy chamber, one foot still in the hallway. She was unable to move, she moaned and sighed. First in despair about having lost her battle so close to the end and then, as an incredible feeling of relief swept her body her moans became more pleasurable and almost sexual.

Isabelle's eyes grew wide as she witnessed her friends utter loss of control. She watched a dark spot form on the back of her dress and spread rapidly. Her friends moans of relief aroused Isabelle even more, Miriam sounded as if she was pleasuring herself. But through the haze of horniness that clouded Isabelle's brain, her bladder sent another urgent signal, telling her quite clearly that she would suffer the same fate as her friend if she didn't get on the privy NOW. She stepped up to Miriam in minuscule steps. Her friend looked up at her, gave a defeated whimper and stepped aside to allow Isabelle to keep the dignity she had already lost.

Isabelle hurried as much as she could. She too lost another spurt of urine as she stepped other the threshold of the privy. With trembling fingers she closed the door behind her and gathered up her skirts around her. There as no time to get off her underwear, she was loosing more and more small spurts, so she sat down on the privy with her bottoms still on and let loose. Her pee rushed out of her with tremendous force, the thin fabric of her underwear was no real barrier to it. Her pee splattered noisily into the privy, but it still soaked the fabric up to her butt and up her abdomen.

She couldn't suppress a moan as she felt the floods she had suppressed for so long gushing out of her. Her stream was so forceful that it made her whole vulva vibrate slightly. Her clitoris was screaming for her touch and Isabelle could no longer suppress the urge to touch herself. She shoved her hand into her underwear while still peeing and found her swollen and aching clitoris. When she first touched it her back arched and she felt close to fainting. A few determined rubs were enough to push her over the edge. With the last trickles of her pent up pee leaving her body she finally came with a shudder and a loud moan.

