New Year's Corporate party

Author: peeacsfan

*000*2024-06-04 18:20

Part 1

- Dear colleagues! I want to congratulate everyone on the upcoming New Year Year! You know what time it is: it was a difficult year, but the results Very good! Of course, there were troubles, but in general, everything is going well for us. The team is well-coordinated, I am satisfied with your work, and I am sure that next year Everything will be at least as good, but as they say, I only welcome it if it is even better... – Mikhail addressed his colleagues with a speech Yuryevich.

@@All The assembled team, consisting of fifty people, looked at the director and listened to his speech. A young girl Ksenia pretended to be attentive as well listening, but a minute later the director's voice sounded unobtrusive to her, And she plunged headlong into her thoughts... Ksenia arrived in the metropolis a year ago. It is difficult to find a job in your home province, and the salaries there are very high Low. And in many places, as, for example, at a bakery or a dairy combine, and generally delayed for a month. In a metropolis, salaries are significantly higher, although life is more expensive, and more than half is spent on renting a room... And yet It's better than vegetating in your city, working from eight in the morning to five in the evening at the bakery, return home to his parents and know that there is nothing else in the There will be no life. Unless she has to get married, and even then, most likely, for the same provincial without a future. Ksenia knew that some people live completely Not really. Take even Pavel, the young man from whom she rented a room: Officially, he does not work anywhere, he has a lot of free time, he lives carefree and Relatively comfortable. He goes to bed late and gets up late. Periodically, his friends come to him, and Ksenia constantly hears their laughter, fun, and sometimes to him Late in the evening, girls come and stay overnight, and then you can hear it completely other...

- Ksyusha, Should I pour you champagne? - the young man Andrey interrupted the flow of her thoughts, sitting on the left.

- And? –From the girl asked again, and smiling sweetly, replied - Yes, thank you.

All those present drank to the New Year, and then, as it usually happens, The audience pounced on salads, snacks, and during the breaks they talked quietly each with each other.

Andrey continued to take care of Ksenia: he put a salty meat salad on her plate a cucumber, a sandwich with red fish... The girl was embarrassed for decency, She was modest, but soon she herself began to take snacks from the table, independently putting "mimosa", then baked fish into his plates, then sliced sausage, and washed down the food first with champagne, and then kindly offered by the young man, whiskey with juice. And now those present liberated, began to behave more freely, more freely, someone went to dance, others were talking loudly...

@@Ksyusha, soon, she also called Andrey to dance. Warmed up from the alcohol he drank, The girl moved freely and gracefully, demonstrating to everyone her good a built, almost perfect figure. At least today I would like to rest and relax... On ordinary days, she either has a job, or some of her own worries: to buy groceries, cook, wash, iron, wash hair, do styling, to go to the shops - to look at something from the clothes. And it happens that everything is done, the evening is free, and it seems that there is no one to spend it with, besides, tomorrow get up early for work. And then at least die of boredom. And, to be honest, Having lived in a big city for a year, she did not really make acquaintances and communicated in the mainly only with colleagues at work: Nadezhda Vasilievna, a lonely widow, and almost his age, Lenka. Nadezhda Vasilievna loved to remember the past and grieved for her lost youth, and Lenka, although quite young, was all she was in family worries and often, sighing, said: "Oh, Ksyusha, how I am for you I envy: you live alone, no worries. How I would like to live alone like this, to rest from family life for a week or two..." Nadezhda Vasilievna usually waited for a pause, and deftly intercepted the baton: "Oh, girls, I wish I had to bring back your years... How great it would be to be young again, like you..." Ksenia I didn't say anything, but just thought and often dreamed about my own - about meeting that The... No, not the prince on a white horse, she had long since realized that this The tired example of the ideal is just an illusion. She just wanted to to meet your person, with whom it would just be good to be together...

Fast the music was replaced by a slow composition, and Andrey immediately invited the girl to dance. Ksenia put her hands on the shoulders of the young man, and he hugged her by the waist, and they began to slowly circle to a sad melody. At this moment, she It was just good: the alcohol drunk was pleasantly relaxing, music was playing, and there was a man next to her... How long has it been since she had a relationship! Sometimes work, sometimes everyday worries, waiting – and as a result, there is no time to get to know each other, and With no one, it seems. And with the first person she met – she knew it for sure, she was in a relationship will not work, she needs time, she needs a man to show attention, care, I courted for a long time... And now many men are not used to this, morals are no longer the same, and many girls now behave differently than before: they themselves can get to know each other, take the initiative, or even hint at their availability...

Ksenia returned to her table while Andrey went somewhere. Opposite her sat Nadezhda Vasilievna and Lena, who, apparently, was talking on phone with my husband.

- I'm looking, Andrey is not indifferent to you today," Nadezhda Vasilievna remarked, as appeared to Ksenia, a little sarcastically.

- I don't know. I didn't notice," the girl replied dryly.

- I don't want to "It's just that Lena and I We'll sit for an hour or two, and we'll get ready to go home. I just want to clarify, are you with Will you go with us, or will you still stay?

- Of course with you," the girl assured, "You just tell me how you get ready, I'm alone I will not stay here.

They drank a glass of champagne. Then they sat in silence for a while. Young man disappeared somewhere, and the girl became a little bored. Ksenia got up and corrected herself skirt, and slowly walked past the dancers, walked down the corridor, and at that moment came across Andrey.

"Are you looking for me? he asked.

- No- The girl was embarrassed, - that is... Actually, I was looking for a toilet.

- And Clearly. Well, since we met here... There is one room here. Maybe we'll come in, Shall we talk a little? Let's drink to the upcoming New Year!

- Well, I even I don't know... well, let's go," the girl replied hesitantly and followed Andrey.

They were sitting Together on the sofa, Ksenia was holding a glass of whiskey with juice in her hands and laughing merrily. She felt good at that moment, and Andrey poured her alcohol and diluted with juice. It is difficult to say how long they sat like this - when a person Okay, usually he doesn't really keep track of time.

- I'm right now I'll be back," said the girl, rising from the sofa, and was very surprised when found that it was not easy for her to stand on her feet, and she almost flopped down Oh, I think I've had enough of pouring!

@@Andrey stood up abruptly and supported the girl. They stood face to face, and at this moment, Ksenia was a little frightened, realizing that Andrey was about to start to pester her, but for some reason, unexpectedly for herself, she herself deliberately approached him, and immediately felt the taste of his hot lips... It is cramped pressed her chest against him and wrapped her arms around his broad back, and Andrey stroked her hair, and it made the girl feel very good. Do not stop I wanted it even when his hand began to lower and lower down my back... Ksenia felt how hot and wet she felt below, and then the hand of the young She crawled under her skirt and felt through the thick fabric of her tights, a source that emitted strong excitement. At this moment, he did not even stop her the fear that someone would come in and find them in the act, It was good. Andrey lowered her pantyhose a little with one hand, moved panties and ran three fingers into her boiling pulp. The girl at that moment was It's sweet and embarrassing at the same time. His fingers slid inside her, and she wanted to Only one thing: that it would last forever. Pulled her out of bliss persistent ringing of the cell phone.

- Hang on– The girl said quietly, "I'll answer."

Young The man did not argue and interrupted his occupation.

- Yes!.. No, I haven't left yet. While here, - the girl answered on the phone, - already leave?.. Yes, I am with you. I'll come right away.

"Where do you want to go?" – Andrew was wary.

"I'm sorry, I'm I'll go home... I.. I must have drunk too much, so I allowed myself to drink shyly The girl said, pulling on her pantyhose.

- Don't go! Stay here with me! - the young man persuaded Ksyusha, - Or... Come on Let's go somewhere together?!

- No I'm sorry, they're waiting for me. I have to go," the girl said, and, apparently from excitement, drank her whiskey with juice, before she left the room.

Left Ksenia is quite staggering. The sweet juice interrupted the taste of the strong whiskey, and she I didn't notice that I drank too much. Gathering her will into a fist, the girl tried to give your gait a sober look, trying to walk straight. She was still very good, only... The girl remembered that she had never gone where she was going Initially, before she unexpectedly found herself in a room with Andrey. She found the right door, pulled the handle. It turned out to be interesting. On this At a moment, the cell phone rang again, and the girl quickly went. Nadezhda Vasilievna with Lena stood in outerwear, ready to leave.

"We've already We thought of going without you," they said almost simultaneously.

Ksenia She quickly put on her coat, they said goodbye to their colleagues and went outside.

On the way Ksenia was distracted. She felt excited, an unprecedented spiritual uplift, and Splashing over the edge of vital energy.

- I want to dance! Shall we go somewhere?" And? Shall we sit, dance, talk? – She offered loudly as the three of them walked to the bus stop.

- I don't I can, I promised my husband that I would be back before ten," Lena replied in a tired voice.

- And I would, maybe she went, but she has already become old," Nadezhda Vasilievna replied sullenly.

- Yes Drop it, Nadezhda Vasilievna! Ksenia exclaimed, "What are your years? After all, the New Year is coming soon! What for turn sour?! After all, we live once!

- Years fly quickly, and before you have time to wake up, as... Oh, what can I say. Yesterday, It would seem that she asked her parents to leave her for a New Year's disco with tears, Then I was worried that my parents would smell alcohol, and now you think, New Year... Until recently, we celebrated 2013, and already it has almost flown by, here it is 2014 coming soon. And this one will also fly by - you won't have time to look back. Oh, and life will fly by, and you won't even notice," Nadezhda Vasilievna reasoned sadly.

- Well, somehow You are not optimistic at all. The fact of the matter is that you have to enjoy the moment, before life flew by! And so if you wait for the weather by the sea, then there is nothing Will!

- It is easy for you to reason: you are free, - said Lena, "when you get married, you have children, then there will be no time for fun." And think about something else Have.

- Well, you I have girls and pessimists today! And I want another drink! said the girl, and I went into the grocery store they were passing by.

Through a minute Ksenia came out with a jar of apple cider in her hands.

*001*2024-06-07 18:37

@@part 2 (last)

They stuck at the bus stop for a long time. Transport in the evening walked very badly. Lena called her husband and complained that they were already standing Fifteen minutes, and there was still no bus. Nadezhda Vasilievna stood silent. Ksenia I finished the cider and threw the can into the dumpster.

- Well, where bus? - she broke the silence, - I want to go to the toilet.

Apple cider maintained a state of intoxication, but Ksenia no longer spoke loudly and did not jump, because even on a drunken head I understood that no one shared her alcoholic excitement. And because of this, she I was even a little angry at my sullen colleagues. But standing silently was boring. And Ksenia sometimes tried to stir them up, to infect them with fun - but all the efforts were there Futile. The bus never went...

- Girls Does anyone want to go pee with me? - Ksenia turned to Lena with Nadezhda Vasilievna

- I don't Want to! Nadezhda Vasilievna said.

- And I I want a little, but I'll go home," Lena answered.

- And I would I've already left," Ksenia said cross-legged and turned to Lena, Maybe we should quickly drive somewhere?

- Where is it descend? No, I'll come home and go there," Lena refused.

- Well, maybe Let's go, you stand next to me, and I'll pee somewhere? Ksenia asked.

- Girls, as soon as you leave, immediately The bus will come. This is always the case. So be patient," said Nadezhda Vasilievna.

- Yes, we have already here we cost so much, but he is still not there, - Ksenia was indignant, - I have been for a long time I just endure!

- Well, he is still must come. They usually run until eleven in the evening!

Two Girls And the woman continued to stand waiting for transport. One of them, Ksenia, was standing, cross-legged, trying to find a comfortable position, then danced a little on the sighed, and sat down on the bench.

- So so! We wait another five minutes, if the bus does not arrive, I will go somewhere pee! I'm already tired of enduring! - said the girl.

- Smells mine heart that he might not come," Lena said.

On this moment a car stopped at the stop, an elderly man got out of it, and addressed them:

- With advancing you, ladies!

"And you too," Lena and Nadezhda Vasilievna answered.

- Bus Expect? Let me take you there. I won't take much!

The girls explained where they should go, agreed about the cost, mentally divided the amount among the three and agreed.

@@In the salon on the stove worked all the way, and Ksenia was exhausted from the heat and from the alcohol he had drunk. Subsequently, she remembered in fits and starts, what had happened to her from the moment when she was sitting with Andrei in the room, until the moment when the taxi driver brought her... Actually, the main adventure, as it turned out, began just after that. Before him, Ksenia remembered everything Events in fits and starts. Only in the New Year, at work, she learned from Lena how They came after the corporate party. Ksenia did not even remember that she went to the store, I bought apple cider and drank it completely at the bus stop; I didn't remember how they were We waited for the bus for a long time, as we agreed with the taxi driver, and how we got into the car. Not remembered how Nadezhda Vasilievna asked her for the address where she lived, and that Ksenia had named the wrong street; I didn't remember how my colleagues asked taxi driver to take her to the entrance, explaining that she had drunk too much for New Year's corporate party, and asked to make sure that the girl went to the approach. The only thing that was clearly fixed in Ksenia's memory was the nasty an oppressive feeling of heaviness below, which I wanted to get rid of, that at this time She was sitting on a soft seat in the car and she was exhausted from the heat and alcohol. Later she just fell asleep...

@@"That's it Came! The first thing she heard when she woke up in the car. Nadezhda Vasilievna with Lena, in all likelihood, were already at home. Ksenia came to her senses and thanked driver and began to get out of the car. There was still alcohol in my head fog, and his legs did not obey well. The girl got out of the car, went to the entrance, opened the door. "Someone broke the intercom again," she thought. So long She went up to her room on the third floor, felt this unpleasant heaviness again downstairs and was already looking forward to how soon she would feel good when she came home, He goes to the toilet and finally gets rid of this unpleasant feeling. She is took the keys out of the bag, inserted them into the keyhole, tried to turn them, But the castle did not obey. Ksenia made another attempt - and again to no avail. She did not waste time on reasoning and thinking, but just called at the door. And only when he heard an unfamiliar ringtone coming from the apartment, She realized that something was wrong here. As if reading Ksenia's thoughts, she opened the door An unknown woman. They looked at each other in surprise for a few seconds, and then The woman asked sternly:

- You are to whom?

- Forgive me... Doesn't Pavel live here? Ksenia said in confusion.

- And why do you need Pavel?! The woman asked in a demanding, suspicious tone.

- Well Actually, I rent a room from him," the girl answered.

- Very much Interesting! - the woman answered, not letting Ksenia on the threshold, and, turning away, she shouted, "Pasha!" Come here!" Did you have guests?!

Shuffling footsteps were heard, and behind the women The silhouette of a middle-aged man appeared.

"Here, lady asks you! He rents a room from you, he says... Tell me, damn it, what's here Happens?

- Nothing I see," the man answered, "what room?" What are you talking about? Girl, who are you going to Have you come at all?

- Forgive me I may have been mistaken. This is Lesnaya Street, house 5, apartment 11, isn't it? - began to find out Ksenia, realizing that she was in the wrong place.

- This is a street Lyzhnaya, house 5, apartment 11, - the man answered.

- Oh, then Sorry, I just got to the wrong place.

" Are you making a fool of me?! - the woman shouted, and turned to the man with shouts, - And you, Don Giovanni, damn girls, so you take me to our house while I'm at home No?!

- Yes, I say You, for the first time in my life I see her! Look, she's drunk, she made a mistake with the apartment, Look how he staggers, he can hardly stand on his feet! The man justified himself.

- Well, That's right, I drank, and on a drunken bench I clung to you, I thought that my wives were at home No! Right?!

- Galya, well Don't talk nonsense! What are you really..

"As in the film "The Irony of Fate or Enjoy Your Bath!" thought Ksenia, and she slowly turned around, went to the stairs, and then quickly went down the stairs steps away from the scandal. Up to the first floor, she could hear their unceasing screams, and the "married couple" itself did not even seem to notice how the reason for them was Discord disappeared as suddenly as it had appeared.

@@At Ksenia's Now there was that stage of alcoholic intoxication when the fun was gone, the fog, enveloping the brain, dissolved, and now the head seemed to work clearly, but The body did not obey well, and it was still difficult to walk straight. On the street, sharply It got colder, so that the frost tingled the skin of my face, and I wanted to come somewhere in the Heat as soon as possible. And besides, now the oppressive heaviness in the lower abdomen, but look for a place outside and solve the problem in the cold Ksenia did not want to. The girl walked very quickly along the road and, fortunately, I quickly reached the stop. On top of that, her throat was dry, she I knocked on the window of the stall, bought a small box of juice, and at the same time I asked the saleswoman if anything goes from here to Lesnaya. Saleswoman She assured that the bus she needed would still arrive. Ksenia thanked the saleswoman for information, and then opened the juice, thinking that he would not drink everything, but he will only swallow to moisten his throat. But from the sip made, I wanted to drink even more, and Ksyusha, suppressing her willpower, drank almost all the juice. She became marking time from the cold and from the desire to go to the toilet. People who are also We were waiting for the bus, almost did not pay attention to it. There were only two desires now at Ksenia's: to be warm as soon as possible and finally pee.

@@A minute later, the road was lit up by the headlights of a bus. Ksenia quickly entered the cabin and sat down on the seat by the stove, throwing her legs over her legs. His fingertips tingled from the cold, his face was red from the cold, but all these The unpleasant sensations could not be compared with the growing heaviness turning into pain that she experienced in the lower abdomen. In truth, The girl hoped that as soon as she got from the cold to the warmth and sat down, she would become easier, but, alas, she felt that the vibration of the bus made her feel only worse. And she drank the juice in vain... It was easier to tolerate dryness in than this terrible pain below... The girl looked out the window so that the others The passengers did not see the desperation that was reflected in her face. Muscles below She was tense to the limit, she squeezed her hips tightly and periodically I rubbed my leg with my hand. His lips trembled, and She felt as if someone had put a balloon filled with water inside her... She is I never thought that it was possible to experience such a painful heaviness at all, and in her head was spinning in a circle: "Endure, endure, endure!!." The spell does not decreased desire, and Ksenia desperately tried to persuade her body: "Soon Come! A little more left! Let's get to the bus stop, then to the house and to the toilet!" The girl was afraid to even move, and she was really scared! Muscles below ached from long exertion and fatigue, but she kept hoping that now the desire will recede a little, it will become easier for her, she will get to Lesnaya, and then It remains to be patient very little... But the heaviness and pain did not recede, besides, Ksenia slowly fell into panic and she wanted to fall through the ground from shame that the situation could get out of control! Leg from sitting in one The situation was numb, but it was frightening and risky even to move. She had to still change the position: the girl threw her leg over, fidgeted a little, but from A wave came over her from below, and the girl involuntarily shrank down, bent over, and She sobbed in a choked voice, realizing that she would not be able to hold her back now... Multiple passengers turned their heads sharply in her direction. Ksenia felt like a small trickle I wet her panties and pantyhose at the bottom. It became warm, and then cold and wet, and All this is embarrassing and scary. It's a shame that the rest will now be guessed about that she was in this position and wet her clothes a little. But the worst thing is She was afraid that if the wave rolled in again, she might just not be able to Restrain it - it will simply pour out of it, and it will not be able to stop. From wet It was unpleasant at the bottom of the fabric, but after releasing the stream, the girl felt better, and no longer It hurt so much downstairs, although the heaviness was still felt, but not so unbearable. The girl mentally I set myself a strict task: to endure home at all costs!

@@By miracle and prayers, she managed to get to Lesnaya. But as soon as the girl got up from her seat, she felt that she was sweating again, and from it became warm and damp again. But she no longer began to reason, but just quickly I got off the bus and walked quickly towards the house. She understood that any harsh, A careless movement, and that's it - she is a khan! So far, the cold dampness has reached only up to her hips, but the heaviness at the bottom showed that she had missed only a small part of the one that was still gurgling inside her. Foolishly was to give up now, and besides, it was very cold outside, and the girl She understood that it was doubly dangerous to relax at such a moment: she needed to do whatever to be warm as soon as possible, because already now from the dampness below It was getting colder, and because of this I unbearably wanted to pee... Already running up to the home, Ksenia felt how a wave covered her, and how another stream wet panties. The girl stopped abruptly, squatted, and rested her heel on her feet between his legs. It became a little easier, but she was in no hurry to rise sharply, Realizing that this is fraught with another spasm. The girl tried to resist as I can use my heel between my legs more strongly and began to fidget a little. At this moment, she I even felt a little excited. She remembered how she had stood with Andrei at that time the moment when he put his fingers inside, and in combination with the heel resting on the the same place, the girl got even more excited, and it helped her wait it out, until the wave subsides.

Ksenia got up, and quickly ran to the entrance, brought the keys to the intercom, and then went up to the third floor. In anticipating a speedy relief, the girl began to shift from foot to foot and I clamped myself in the crotch with one hand. At last she opened the door, and did not Undressing, ran to the bathroom. She pulled the handle, but the door did not open, and she saw with horror that the light turned on, and from the combined bathroom there was a splash of water from the bathroom... Ksenia knocked the door and shouted:

- Paul! Did you take the bathroom?! Open!

- Ksyusha, You will? A question came from the bathroom.

- I! Open it quickly! I want to go to the toilet, I can't stand it!!!

- I'll be there soon Go. Pavel answered

- Not soon, RIGHT NOW!!!!!!! Hear???!!! I'll pee now!!!!!!!!

- Right away wait, let me at least dry myself and wrap myself in a towel," Pavel grumbled discontentedly.

Through rolling wave, Ksenia heard him slowly coming out of the bathroom, wipes himself, instead of immediately opening the door and letting it in!

"Let it go You're finally me!!!!!!!!!! I can't stand it now!!!!!!!!!!!! -Screamed A girl is in his door, and at that moment I realized that it was too late: the last wave came, the tired muscles were completely relaxed, and a strong stream poured down her legs like a powerful stream right on the floor, soaking through the tights...

The door opened, a young man stood on the threshold of the bathroom, with a towel wrapped around his hips, and opposite him his lodger was standing in winter outerwear, and her face reflected the bliss of relief. Ksenia took a step forward, lifted the hems of her coat with skirt, lowered her wet pantyhose and panties and sat down on the toilet.

- Ksyusha, what's wrong with you? – asked out of surprise idiotic question Paul.

- What, what, - the girl snapped back in response, - I'm! Here's what...

Young The man stood in confusion and looked at the girl sitting opposite him. Not getting up from the toilet, Ksenia took off her coat, shoes, pulled off her tights panties, then lifted up. Only the skirt hid her naked Charms.

- A what staring at me like that? - she asked, - Have you ever seen a girl pee?

Ksenia took it off I put off my outerwear, bra, skirt, and stepped over the edge of the bathroom.

- You can stay! - she said to Pavel, - Just take off the towel...

Paul untied the towel and joined the girl. Ksenia hugged him and said:

"I'm here today I suffered so much and deserved something Good.... Can I count on you?

In response, she felt his fingers slide inside her, and that interrupted sensation bliss that she experienced in the room at the New Year's corporate party, again returned to her. But now no one could stop her.

