Peeing in Disguise

Author: PPP

*000*2018-10-26 01:05

Author's Note: So waaaaaay back in 2015 I did a poll to choose what story I would write. Three out of four of them were completed in some form, but I totally forgot about the last one. That is, until @JTeam_ reminded me. It's been long enough, so here it is.

###

It was the middle of June, and it was certainly a hot one. On a day like this, there was nothing better to do than relax in a nice refreshing pool. And that’s exactly what Kelly Clarke and her friend Jenny Matthews were doing.

Kelly surfaced, the water quickly drying from her skin. Jenny popped up shortly after and let out a contented sigh.

“I don’t know about you, Kel, but I could stay in here all day.”

“Same here,” replied Kelly. “Thanks again for inviting me over.”

“Aw, it was nothing,” said Jenny.

Kelly floated on her back and gazed up at the clouds.

“I can’t believe we have to go back to school tomorrow. It’s summer! We should be free!”

“It must be ‘cause of all those snow days we had,” commented Jenny. “We have to make up for them sometime.”

“Keeping us this late qualifies as cruel and unusual punishment,” Kelly grumbled. “It’s total bullshit.”

“Language,” Jenny chastised.

“Aw, c’mon,” laughed Kelly. She playfully dunked Jenny underwater.

“Hey!” cried Jenny as she came up. “What was that for?”

“You need to learn to lighten up,” said Kelly.

Jenny frowned and wrung the water out of her long black hair.

“I’ll lighten up,” she said, “once our finals are over.”

“Why did you have to remind me of that?” groaned Kelly. “Those aren’t for another two weeks!”

“That may be,” said Jenny, “but it’s never too early to start studying! I’m feeling confident about history and biology, but I still need to brush up on algebra and-”

No stopping her now, thought Kelly. Once she gets talking about her studies, she can keep going for hours.

As she sat back and listened to her friend, Kelly felt a pressure building in her bladder.

“-but if I get a C or better,” Jenny continued, “then I should still be able to-”

“Hold that thought, Jen,” Kelly interrupted. “I gotta go pee.”

She got out of the pool and headed for the door, but Jenny suddenly grabbed her arm.

“Wait!” cried Jenny. “My mother will throw a fit if you track water into the house. Dry yourself off first.”

Kelly crossed her legs and fidgeted.

“I don’t think I can hold it that long.”

“Now that you mention it, I have to go too,” Jenny admitted. “And I don’t think I can wait either.”

“Wait a minute,” said Kelly. “We’re alone out here, aren’t we? Why don’t we just pee in the bushes?”

“What...but...I can’t… I never,” Jenny stammered. “I-I’ve never peed outside before!”

“Then there’s no better time to start!” argued Kelly. “Unless you have a better idea?”

“No,” admitted Jenny. “All right, let’s just do this.”

The two girls made their way over to the row of bushes blocking Jenny’s yard from her neighbors. Jenny squatted down, but kept looking around nervously. Eventually, a weak stream trickled from her swimsuit down onto the dirt. Jenny sighed in relief and turned to see Kelly standing with her bikini bottoms around her ankles.

“What are you doing?” asked Jenny, blushing at her friend’s boldness. “Aren’t you going to, you know, squat?”

“No way,” Kelly replied. “I’m gonna do it standing up!”

“What?” cried Jenny “You can’t do that; you’re not a boy.”

“Aw, it’s easy,” scoffed Kelly. “Watch and learn.”

Jenny couldn’t help but look as Kelly bent her knees slightly.

“First,” said Kelly, “you have to bend your knees and spread your legs a little. Kinda like you’re riding a horse. Next, you gotta lean back just a little.”

With her right hand, Kelly made a V-sign and placed it on her crotch.

“Now comes the tricky part,” she continued. “You take two fingers and spread your… girly bits.”

Kelly gave a sly wink at that that last part as she opened up the folds of her labia. She could feel the pressure in her bladder getting even worse, and knew she wouldn’t be able to hold it much longer.

“Then…” Kelly paused for dramatic effect and relaxed her bladder, letting the huge amount of liquid inside her take its natural course.

“You pee!” she finished as a pale stream flowed from between her legs, forming an arc and soaking the leaves on the bushes.

With her stream going strong, Kelly decided to put on a real show.

“If you pull up a little,” she explained, “you can get it even higher!”

Sure enough, as Kelly maneuvered her fingers, her pee arced over the top of the bushes, splashing the highest leaves. As her bladder emptied, Kelly’s pee stream gradually weakened lost height, eventually spurting out its last drops onto the ground. She pulled her bikini back up, admiring the height she had reached.

“So, what do you think?” she asked.

Despite herself, Jenny laughed.

“That was certainly impressive,” she giggled. “You looked kind of like a boy!”

Jenny immediately realized her mistake. Though not much bothered her best friend, being called a boy was a notable exception. Between her tomboyish behavior, short hair and flat chest, Kelly was often teased in that manner. Understandably, she was sick of it.

“I-I’m so sorry!” stammered Jenny. “I didn’t mean it!”

Instead of looking upset, however, Kelly had a mischievous grin on her face, the same one she got whenever she had an idea.

“Say that again,” she said.

“You looked kind of like a boy?” Jenny repeated nervously.

“Exactly!” shouted Kelly. “And if people didn’t know better, they might actually mistake me for one!”

“Oh no,” said Jenny, starting to see where this was going.

“Oh yes,” said Kelly. “I’m gonna go to school tomorrow disguised as a boy!”

“I don’t think that’s a good idea, Kelly,” Jenny cautioned, but her friend wasn’t listening.

“Let’s see,” said Kelly, pacing as she thought, “you have a brother, right? I could wear some of his clothes. And my mom will be at a meeting tomorrow morning; she’ll have no idea! It all works out perfectly! I can hang out with new guys, talk trash, and use the boys’ bathroom! What do you say? Will you help me out? Please?”

Jenny sighed. Once Kelly had an idea in her head, there was no stopping her.

“Fine. Meet me at my house before school starts.”

“Thank you!” cried Kelly, hugging her friend tightly. “This is gonna be epic.”

The next morning, Kelly showed up bright and early. Jenny brought her up to her room and handed her a t-shirt, a pair of cargo shorts, and a baseball cap

“Are you sure you want to go through with this?” asked Jenny as her friend changed clothes. “Absolutely,” Kelly replied. “Now tell me, how do I look?”

If they hadn’t been friends since preschool, Jenny honestly could have mistaken Kelly for a boy then. Her clothes were wrinkled and stained, and were loose enough to hide any trace of a feminine figure. The baseball cap hung low over her face, preventing anyone from getting a good look at it.

“This might actually work,” Jenny admitted.

“Told you it was a good idea!” Kelly cheered.

“I didn’t say that,” Jenny cautioned. “You could still get in big-”

“The bus is here!” Kelly interrupted, and the two girls broke off their conversation so they wouldn’t be left behind.

On the bus, Kelly and Jenny split up so as not to arouse suspicion. Jenny sat down with some of her other friends, while Kelly headed for a noisy group of boys at the back. She had to see if her disguise worked, after all.

“No way!” one of the boys was yelling. “She’s not into you!”

“Is too!” a second boy protested.

“Who are we talkin’ about?” asked Kelly, putting on a slightly deeper voice.

“Nicole Taylor,” said the first boy. “Joseph here thinks she likes him.”

“Honestly, I pity him,” sneered a third boy. “Nicole’s a total bitch.”

“She is not!” Joseph protested. “Shut up, Nathan!”

“Ah, I guess it could be worse,” said Nathan. “You could have some total freak crushing on you. Like that Kelly Clarke girl.”

Kelly felt a pit form in her stomach.

“Who?” she asked, fighting to keep her voice neutral.

“Man, you seriously haven’t heard of her?” asked Nathan incredulously. “She’s this weird girl who totally looks like a dude. Acts like one too. It’s no wonder she’s got no friends.”

Kelly felt her blood boil. She had been insulted before, but this time she decided she would do something about it. After all, nobody could tell it was really her. She considered punching him, but then she would get in trouble and her secret would be revealed. For now, Kelly laughed along with the boys and made a mental note to get revenge later.

Kelly had English class first thing that morning. She sat in the back, far away from her usual place. English was usually one of the few classes Kelly actually liked, but today she couldn’t focus.

This hasn’t been as much fun as I thought it would be, she thought as she absent-mindedly doodled on her worksheet. I’ve hung out with guys and talked trash, both of which sucked. The only thing that’s left is-

“Young man, please pay attention!”

Kelly looked up to see the teacher standing in front of her desk. Other students were starting to stare at her. Not wanting so much attention on her, Kelly gave the first excuse she could think of.

“Sorry, ma’am,” she mumbled. “I really have to use the bathroom; I couldn’t focus.”

“Then go,” said the teacher, and Kelly gratefully took the opportunity to race out of the room.

Her initial plan had been to just hide until the class was over, but as Kelly walked down the hallways she realized she really did have to use the bathroom pretty badly. She had been so busy getting dressed that morning that she had neglected to take her usual morning pee. Kelly made her way to the bathrooms and saw something unusual: a line of boys outside the girls’ room.

“What’s going on here?” she asked the boy at the end of the line. He turned to answer and Kelly recognized him as Nathan, the jerk from that morning.

“The boys’ bathroom is out of order,” Nathan explained. “Some of us are using the girls’ bathroom, others are going in the bushes behind the school.” He crossed his legs and fidgeted. “Speaking of which, that’s what I’m gonna do. I had a whole can of Red Bull before class.”

As Nathan walked out the door, a lightbulb went off in Kelly’s head. The perfect revenge plot had just come to mind.

“Wait up!” she called, running after Nathan.

Kelly found him outside heading for the bushes. She could see a few boys standing behind them, expressions of relief on their faces. She considered trying to sneak a peek, but decided revenge was more important. Kelly tailed Nathan as he stopped by the farthest bush and unzipped his fly.

“Hey,” she said, walking up beside him. Luckily he hadn’t started peeing yet.

“What do you want?” snapped Nathan.

“Betcha I can pee farther than you!” Kelly taunted.

“What the hell?” cried Nathan. “Are you crazy?”

“You heard me,” said Kelly. “Are you too big a pussy to accept?”

“You’re on!” yelled Nathan, going red in the face.

Kelly unzipped her shorts and turned slightly to the side so as not to reveal anything to Nathan. She made a v-sign and spread her privates as she had earlier.

“Ready, set, pee!” she announced.

Kelly let her bladder relax and a powerful stream flowed out of her. Her pee was reaching a good distance, so she turned to see how Nathan was doing. She grinned when she saw he wasn’t reaching nearly as far as she was.

“It’s not over yet!” Nathan yelled, and Kelly saw him aim his penis upwards to get more distance. Kelly could feel that her bladder was nearly empty, but she was determined to win. She gave her hips a powerful thrust and the last few drops of her pee flew several feet. Beside her, Nathan stopped peeing as well. By now, several of the other boys had gathered to see the results of the contest. And from the dark stains on the dirt, the results were clear: Kelly had peed much farther than Nathan.

“Haha! I win!” cheered Kelly.

“So?” Nathan replied, zipping up his fly. “What’s the big deal?”

“‘What’s the big deal?’” Kelly mocked. “This is the big deal!”

With that, Kelly turned, dropped her pants and exposed her vagina to the crowd of boys.

The initial reaction was stunned silence. Some of the boys looked away, others couldn’t conceal their grins. Then one of them spoke up.

“Dude, you lost a peeing contest to a girl?”

“Shut up!” yelled a red-faced Nathan, but he was drowned out by a chorus of laughter, with nobody laughing harder than Kelly herself. She was having the time of her life until one of the boys asked, “Hey, who is she anyway?” At that, Kelly ran for it.

Jenny had been right; Kelly did get in trouble. She hadn’t dared go back to school that day, so that was a week’s detention.

Totally worth it, she thought as she served the first detention. Nobody found out and I got to show up that jerk. It was a lot of fun, but I don’t think I’ll do it again. This memory will last me a lifetime.

*004*2018-11-09 02:24

{{15 minutes ago, bibibibi said:

What are the other 3?

}}

Here: https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/26588-yellow-ink-a-splatoon-fanfic/

, here: https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/30051-a-desperate-smash/

, and here: https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/34658-a-desperate-smash-2-witch-time/

. Glad you liked this one!

*006*2018-11-09 02:42

{{21 minutes ago, bibibibi said:

You should do something similar this time, but with another twist on it, like peeing in the urinal, or peeing over other people. Also, is this story from a book movie or game, like the other 2 are from splatoon and smash?

}}

Nah, it's an original fiction. I might follow this one up, but I have some other ideas for fics I want to do first.

