Books and falling in love

Author: peeacsfan

*000*2024-05-05 07:57

Masha and her friend went to the bookstore and walked to the shelves modern literature.

Looking away, Maria I saw a young man. Tall, handsome, in a light shirt and blue jeans, he was leaning against a book rack with a A badge with the inscription "Seller – consultant Igor" is attached. She pretended that she carefully studies the section of modern foreign literature, and thereby squinted in his direction. Then, abruptly and boldly, she turned and walked over to the and asked:

- You have is Frédéric Beigbeder?

- Eat only "99 francs" and "Ideal," he replied.

- «99 I didn't like it. He has a good book "Love Lives for 3 Years"

- Good but the best is '99 francs,'" he replied with a smile, and after a while he added: "Perfect", basically? you'll love it, it's kind of reminiscent of "Love Lives for 3 Years".

Later A few minutes, after turning the book over in her hands, Masha asked:

- What else Can I read it?

- Girl love Paolo Coelho usually "Eleven Minutes"

- Yes I've heard about it, I'll take it to read.

- By the way Janusz Wisniewski," she said to her friend, pointing to the "Triptych: Loneliness on the Net is a very cool book. It's not very easy to read, it's sad, But it's cool!

After standing for a while A little, the girls left the store.

***

All Evening The young salesman couldn't get out of the young girl's head. As soon as she lay down, freed from evening chores, and opened a book by Paolo Coelho, I found that I haven't turned the page once for a few minutes, and what I've read hasn't even I got it. The reason was Igor, about whom she could not stop thinking. Chemical the processes described in part by Vishnevsky affected her as well, and the cause of the In love was Igor, whom she really wanted to see as soon as possible.

Soon The girl put down the book that "didn't go" that evening, turned off the light, She lay down and began to think of him. She didn't even notice that she had fallen asleep...

***

On the next day, Masha persuaded her friend to visit the store again. They've come But to her disappointment, he wasn't there. An elderly woman sat at the cash register, and in the A grown-up girl with a frowning face. When the next day Mashutka wanted to dragged her friend, she was already irritated, not guessing the reason for this "zeal."

Only A week later, they went back to the store. It was overcast outside, and on the way to the store, the zipper on Masha's jacket is broken - the slider is only useless crawled up and down without connecting the teeth of the zipper. So she came in with her unbuttoned jacket, and when she saw Igor, she felt her heart beating in her chest.

- Excuse me "Won't you happen to have pliers?" she turned to him.

- Behind a separate fee," a woman's voice came from somewhere. That was the one A saleswoman with a frowning face. In the meantime, Igor retired to the service room and A second later he was standing with the tools in his hands. At that moment, his partner came out, and he approached Masha. A girl's heart It pounded even harder, her head began to spin, she was shaken a little by the aroma of his spirits and from an even greater chemical reaction of falling in love, so that when he lightly tugged on her jacket to fix the slider, she "lost" her balance and She fell upon him, exclaiming in embarrassment:

- Ouch!

- No problem No problem! He smiled.

Masha felt like Thumbelina in Gulliver's arms. The fact is that she herself small in stature and delicate build, while Igor, on the other hand, is tall, athletic, strong. Those three seconds were the sweet moment of life, which I wanted to exclaim in the words of the classic: "Stop for a moment, you Wonderful!"

- Everything in You can button up your jacket," Igor repeated.

He had to Say it twice, because the girl is in his arms with pleasure, I didn't notice anything around me and forgot that I was in the store, and nothing The suspecting "object" of her crush is at work.

- Oh, yes. Thank you very much! She said, blushing.

Breath The girls became more frequent, the blood began to rush to the lower abdomen, and it was pleasant in the groin It itched. And that made her feel embarrassed, because she couldn't take anything with herself do. However, glancing in his direction one last time before leaving, Another feeling of disappointment was added: on the right hand of the ring finger his wedding ring glittered...

***

... Before sleeping, undressing and shutting herself in the room, Masha sank into the abyss of her Fantasies:

"Here it is She comes to the store alone. He stands, smiling, and looking at her. Indoors There is no one else: no buyers, no colleagues, only the books, she and him. He He comes up and asks how to help her, shows her the books, she takes the one that he's just advised, and their fingers accidentally touch, and A moment later, his hand strokes hers..."

Masha took a deep breath. Feeling the rush of blood to his lower abdomen, his groin began to glow pleasantly.

«... Then, she discovers that the zipper on her jacket doesn't work, he pulls out the pliers, drops to one knee so that her head is now just above his face. He squeezes the slider with pliers, puts down the tool, presses it to himself, and With the palm of his right hand, he strokes her buttocks..."

Maria She slipped her hand into her panties, already soaked through with arousal, and began to caress yourself.

«... She is and he encircles his neck with his arms, and he holds her ass with his hand, and stands up to his full height; And she, feeling her feet off the floor, wraps her legs around his body. They merge in a kiss, and he carries her to the service room..."

Fantasizing, Masha bites her lips, breathes quickly and deeply, periodically makes a quiet deaf voice sound.

«... There, he puts her on the couch He takes pliers and slides them with them, like a locksmith disassembling construction, zipper slider down, then unfastens the button with his teeth..."

Panties Maria is slid down to her knees, and with her right foot she slides them to her ankles. Gets rid of them. The hand greedily caresses the perineum, and the pelvic part of the body spinning like a yula.

«... Tightens from her jeans, does the same with panties, and now his tongue is caressing the girl's intimate place..."

In this year, Masha bites her lip, does not stop moving and caresses with her other hand breast. And she is completely in the world of her dreams, which gives wild pleasure to her body.

«... She strokes his hair Then he gets up, with a deft movement he frees himself from his clothes, sits down, lifts her by her bare ass, sits her face to him, kisses her, and at the same time she feels in her mind how Something solid penetrates her..."

Mashulya has a deep orgasm...

***

On The next day, she wants to see him at all costs. Again, they're walking with friends around the city, go shopping, have a snack in a café. Floating in the sky clouds, and Masha hopes it won't rain since she didn't take an umbrella. That day, she wanted to go to the bookstore alone, but to do it in such a way that her friend I didn't learn anything.

It's like guessed her plans, as she did not want to leave Masha, and wandered around to the city with her. To get rid of her, and to be alone (relatively) with Igor, Masha had to resort to a trick:

- Listen I'll probably go home. I want to go to the toilet already, Maria announced to her friend, which, by the way, was true, As for the second part.

- Okay Let's go to the bus stop, if that's the case," the friend smiled.

- All Kisses, I'll see you later," she replied, getting into the minibus. I got off after a couple of stops and She went to her lover, deceiving her friend. On the way, I decided to stop by a café, to "liberate" oneself from "discomfort". She opened the door, entered, and with a confident gait headed for the door with the WC sign, on which the girl was drawn:

- Where to? - She heard the angry voice of the janitor sitting next to her. For visitors!

- Okay Can I go first, and then order something? - confused, uncertain The girl began to make excuses.

- No Order first, and then go," the grandmother snapped.

- So which one Do you care now or later? -Gaining Confidence Masha

- All Clever," the old woman concluded, and took up a defensive position.

- Old senile," said the girl discontentedly, and went out, slamming the door, proud, but with an unemptied bladder.

And yet the desire to see her beloved exceeded the discomfort of the body, and soon she, Nervously, she stood on the threshold of the cherished bookstore. She knew for a fact that Igor works today - I found out the phone number of the store on the information desk, I called today, and he personally picked up the phone. (Hearing his voice, my breath stopped).

He was standing in the smiled when he recognized her. Today's companion was an elderly woman, the expression on her face somewhat reminiscent of a cleaning lady from a café.

- Is it Does anyone else read it? I asked Igor a girl in love with him, pointing to a shelf littered with Daria's books Dontsovoy.

- Of course: Like hotcakes dispersing.

- And Do they buy science fiction too? To be honest, I'm scared to even look at these shelves," the girl said, showing to "Mysticism", where there were horror thrillers, vampires, etc.

Igor He willingly entered into a dialogue with her, they communicated, it seemed to her that he was tender looks at her. She wondered if he felt the same way She went to him, and only the sensation of a full bladder haunted him and opportunities to be relaxed, and disturbed the temporary idyll. At some point, the moment when Igor was enthusiastically retelling her the plot and the unusual, absurd composition of Vladimir Sorokin's book "Norma", she realized that the limit of her patience organism may come to an end, and, having waited, already impatiently, for the end of retelling, Masha ventured to ask:

- And Sorry, you have here... toilet? She asked, lowering her voice slightly at the last word, with a hint of bashfulness. The question, oddly enough, baffled him, she thought. He He looked at his elderly companion and said:

- Excuse me but not for visitors.

- Devil It's a pity," she said, confused. I went to the shelves with the psychology section, I thought about it for a while, assessed my situation, the time to go home, and still decided to re-apply:

- Not Can you tell me where to eat nearby? Maybe an exception should be made? It's just that I've been putting up with it for too long! - she admitted, and at that moment it happened Tragic:

- Hello! – she heard the ringing voice of the girl, who came up to Igor and smacked him in the Lips - how do they work?

- Yes Never mind, there aren't many people today," the last phrase sounded to Masha, as if in Fog.

A lump of grief sorrow and tears rose to her throat, and she almost burst into tears came out of the store, and Igor didn't even pay attention to it...

***

Literally On autopilot, she went to the bus stop, got into a minibus (and not the same as It turned out that I had to change seats) and in the girl's shower the whole drama and a sense of injustice and abandonment. Her eyes are wet, she began to hate his wife, and soon jealousy of Igor began to stifle and anger was replaced by apathy, and falling in love with the thought, "I hate him!" The peak of irritation was the fact that the driver the minibus turned the other way, and all her irritation she suddenly spilled on him.

- Look You have to know where you sit," the driver concluded after a short clarification.

I had to change seats. When she stood on the stop while waiting for a shuttle bus that arrived instantly, then I just remembered about the old one, and so on an unresolved problem that caused discomfort.

Further The trip turned into a hell of a torment, and if before the transfer she experienced a mental pain, now she was distracted and focused on another problem. physical discomfort. And the morning promised to be so kind to her...

Got there Mashulya came out with a feeling that she was about to burst like a soap bubble. The sky, apparently, was worried about Masha, and was experiencing a similar experience The mood was tightly covered with gray clouds. The first peals of thunder came, and The first traces of dark specks appeared on the gray asphalt.

- That's it I didn't even have enough time to get caught in the rain," Masha thought sadly and doomedly.

Lightning flashed, answering as a sign Mary's consent. A moment later the thunder repeated its cry, and the The alarms of parked cars began to sound at random.

- Well, now I got wet, and Igor upset me, and his wife came up so confidently, and What did he find in it? And this mymra didn't let me go to the toilet, and Igor, and he didn't let me go to the toilet refused," she twisted herself, feeling a lump rising to her throat again, filled with unshed tears of resentment eyes, and the bladder, which was eagerly and with great difficulty waiting, when he will finally be allowed to free himself from excess moisture...

Thundered in The third time it was thundering, and the rain was dripping harder. The weather resonated with the Maria's Position. At some point, the girl felt so sad, the amplitude of heartache reached its peak, and tears rolled down her cheeks. Her shoulders shuddered with The pouring rain poured down on her, the street, the cars, as if from a bucket, and that's all Her bladder complained insistently, "Masha, have mercy on me, I don't want to do it anymore I can tolerate it, I'm not a slash." But the girl hardly listened to him, but only angry at the weather, Igor, herself, and thought it was the unluckiest day of her life. Life. After a couple of minutes, she was soaking wet Thread. Rare people are galloping, covering themselves with a bag, an umbrella, a hood We rushed home, to the shelter, under the roof.

Only one young, short one, Slender, pretty, the girl was in no hurry. Tears on his face mingled with rain, and only her bladder felt the joy and relief that His mistress allowed herself, taking advantage of the vagaries of the weather, disguising herself as The results of the rain, the wet deed done...

