Skyla's demanding mistress

Author: Pearisite

*000*2020-09-01 04:43

The characters of this story have been aged up and are 21+

Skyla had just woken up in bed and quickly realized why. Her bladder was swollen and was begging for release. As much she wanted to go pee she wasn't allowed to. She looked at her girlfriend, Rosa, pleading for her to wake up. Skyla wasn't allowed to pee without Rosa’s permission.

Ever since the first couples dates and revealing her fetish to Skyla, Rosa would control both of their bladders forcing themselves to hold it for long periods of time. Skyla wasn’t at first used to her large bladder being so full, but after 2 years of being together her bladder grew accustomed to the feeling, allowing her to hold as much as Rosa.

Skyla squeezed her thighs together as she took one hand and pushed hard against her pussy. The other hand went to her bladder to massage it. She was hoping to find comfort but her efforts only slightly decreased how badly she wanted to go pee. Waking up Rosa seemed like a good option, she feared that Rosa would punish her as she had done before. Her only option was just to wait for Rosa to wake up.

Skyla was trying to squirm as little as possible as to not wake up her girlfriend. However she couldn’t stay still completely. She was slowly rocking back and forth on her side. Time went on as Skyla's bladder continued to be filled with more liquid. She moaned as she feel Herself getting more desperate by the minute. Skyla then grinned as she saw Rosa move in her sleep.

Rosa then opened up her eyes and stared back at Skyla. “Good morning,” She simply said as she lifted the sheets revealing the top half of their naked bodies. Skyla says morning back as Rosa notices Skyla massaging her bulge. “Looks we both need a morning pee,”Rosa took Skyla’s hand away from Skyla's bulge and put it right up against her bulge which was just as big as Skyla’s. Rosa sat up, and went to the edge of the bed. She once again took Skyla’s hand and pulled as she sat next to her.

“We’ll be having breakfast before I decide where we will pee,” She informed Skyla. Without giving a chance for Skyla to respond Rosa stood up and led Skyla downstairs to the kitchen.

“Is it fine if I just cook some fried eggs. It’s hard to concentrate right now,” Skyla remarked as gravity was doing her no favors.

“It’s fine sweetie,” Rosa said as she got out the eggs, while Skyla retrieved a pan and cooking spray. Rosa brought 2 plates over to where Skyla had begun cooking. Rosa went to the dining table where she could sit and admire her girlfriend’s round ass while she struggled to cook. She continued to cook to cook in silence with her focus already being taken in full by her cooking and bladder. She would bounce her knees up and down as spasms started to become more frequent. She finished cooking both eggs in under ten minutes and brought them to the table.

The two of them immediately started to eat once Skyla sat down. “This breakfast tastes great Skyla. You’ll get a reward after we’re done eating,” Rosa remarked. Skyla got aroused wondering what her reward would be as they usually revolved sex. Rosa noticed Skyla's arousal with her erect nipples giving her away. Skyla took huge bites to finish her fried egg. She got up and stood next to Rosa as she just finished eating. One hand was back between her legs and the other was waiting for Rosa’s. Rosa took Skyla’s hand as she shoved her other hand in her crotch. Skyla walked with her to their couch in the living room.

Rosa sat down on the soft couch. She let go of Skyla’s hand to pat her lap signalling for her to sit on her lap. Skyla obeyed sitting her butt right on Rosa’s thighs while her legs ran down the length of the couch. Rosa put her left arm around Skyla’s back to support her and her other hand was rubbing Skyla’s bulge. Skyla was squirming right on top of Rosa.

“Don't worry sweetie after I finish giving you my reward we can both go pee. I just need you to hold it while I give you your rewards” Rosa explained to her.

“Okay. I'll hold it for you Rosa,” Skyla replied to her. Rosa then traveled her hand from Skyla’s bladder to Skyla’s right thigh.

“Honey I need you to spread your legs a little,” Rosa informed Skyla. She complied and shifted her legs apart to reveal her pussy. Rosa took two fingers easily sliding them into Skyla’s wet vagina. “You're always excited for my rewards aren’t you,” Rosa asked.

“Your rewards are the best Rosa. I love you so much,” Skyla stated in between moans. Skyla’s right hand traveled down to her clit using her index and middle finger to pinch it. Rosa sped up her finger thrusts reaching Skyla’s g-spot in no time. Skyla was moaning loudly already getting close to an orgasm. Rosa suddenly moaned as her bladder had a spasm reminding her of its existent. Rosa put her mouth around Skyla’s pink nipple trying to bring her to orgasm as quick as possible. Her tongue circled her areola multiple times before pushing against her nipple directly. This sudden pleasure for Skyla was too much as she orgasmed

Rosa took her mouth off Skyla’s nipple and gave her a quick kiss. As soon as Rosa took her fingers out from Skyla’s vagina she squeezed her thighs together again. Rosa with her now free hand put it on Skyla’s bladder rubbing it gently

“Did you like my reward sweetie,” She asked Skyla.

“Yes I did Rosa, it felt amazing,” Skyla answered. “Please let me pee Rosa. I really have to go,” She pleaded.

“I know you do honey. Come sit between my legs,” Rosa said as she spread her legs for her. Skyla got off Rosa’s thigh facing her back towards her. Rosa wrapped both her arms around right under Skyla’s breasts dragging her until they were touching each other. Rosa’s breasts and bladder were pressed up against Skyla’s back. Rosa’s bladder did not like this new pressure and she let out a quick hot jet of pee onto Skyla’s ass. Skyla’s bladder did not react well to this. It experienced a spasm forcing her to grip her pussy barely holding back a leak. She could feel Rosa grinding her self against Skyla's ass to prevent another leak.

“Okay sweetie I won’t punish you if you pee now, but I want you to keep trying to hold it,” Rosa explained.

“I’ll try to hold it as long as possible,” Skyla promised. Rosa smiled and put her left hand on Skyla’s cheek. They faced each other for a kiss but ended moaning in each other's mouths as spasms were now constantly happening. They exited the kiss as they again faced the same direction. Rosa moved her hand back to the arm of the couch but her right hand reached around and started to rub Skyla’s giant bladder bulge in a circular motion. After a few cycles she stopped her motions and laid her hand right in the middle. She slowly started putting pressure onto Skyla’s bladder immediately resulting in Skyla letting a loud and her breathing becoming even more pronounced. After a couple seconds Rosa stopped increasing the pressure on Skyla’s poor bladder.

“Oh god I have to pee so bad,” Skyla cried out trying to get used to the new pressure Rosa created. Suddenly Skyla felt warmth behind as Rosa started to empty her bladder right behind her. A powerful stream was being absorbed into the couch cushion that they were on. Skyla tried to ignore the noise, but she could not ignore the wetness that was spreading beneath her. Only seconds after Rosa started peeing Skyla joined her sighing in relief.

. “You have trouble holding it when there are liquids around, don’t you sweetie,” Rosa questioned.

“I do Rosa,”Skyla answering Rosa's rhetorical question. Rosa and Skyla finally finished peeing after about a minute. The left side of the couch was completely soaked.

“I’m going to help you get over that today,” Rosa claimed. Skyla got off the couch to face Rosa. She then hugged Rosa nuzzling her face right into Rosa’s soft breasts.

“That would be great Rosa,” Skyla responded, lifting her face so she could see Rosa's face. They both kissed before going to the kitchen to gather some drinks.

