A Polished Performance

Author: pguy69

*000*2021-08-14 20:26

This is an old story of Nicola Steele's that was posted on the old "Thomas' Water Resources" site, back in the day. She is one of my all time favourite omo writers, and her material rarely seems to crop up. This one is one of my all time faves that I have had saved for probably 15 years. I have re-written large chunks of it and changed the ending. Hope that is OK, and I hope you all enjoy it.

@@As a member of our Trade Union committee, I was lucky enough to be sent to a week’s exchange visit to Poland in the times before Eastern Europe was open for tourism. On the first day there was a welcoming ceremony, with speeches and then a small reception. I had several glasses of wine at the reception, followed by some black coffee to clear my head. I was really enjoying myself, and knew we were going to be shown around a local milking unit soon, but right now it was about the hospitality. There was a clear language barrier, but we were getting on OK. We went outside, and to my surprise we were taken straight onto a coach tour of the surrounding country. I wasn't expecting a tour, just a quick transfer, and I wasn't sure how long we would be. What I was sure of though is that 10 minutes after setting off I wanted to wee. Wine and coffee was not a great mix before a coach trip, and I prayed we weren't going to be long. 15 minutes later and I was really starting to panic. My bladder was tiny at the best of times, but after all of that liquid, it was signalling an emergency and soon I was having to sit on my foot to reduce the strain on my bladder, which seemed to be getting fuller by the minute. Every time the coach slowed in a village, I prayed that we were going to stop, so I would have a chance to wee, but each time my hopes were thwarted. That tour lasted about half an hour, and the last 15 minutes were a blur of desperation. Eventually though, we stopped to visit a farm collective.

The walk from the coach to the entrance seemed miles, and walking increased my need to wee, as it always does. I was wearing my best jeans, and in the fashion of the time, these were almost skin tight. The front was pressing against my bladder, and making me want to go even more. I hoped there would be a loo in the reception area, but it was only an old shack with photographs of visiting officials on the walls. I stood with my legs crossed tightly during the introduction from our guides, and when the group moved on at last, I was having to clench my bladder. I looked, desperately, around the reception, for any sign of a toilet that I could duck into, but there was nothing!

We were given protective clothing for our tour, and I chose to wear an overall coat rather than a boiler suit, which would have kept the mud off my jeans, simply because I could put the coat on while keeping my legs crossed, and I couldn't bear the thought of putting on anything which would delay the pee I was so desperate for. I knew it would be a mad scramble when I finally did get to the toilet, so a boiler suit was the last thing I needed! Standing and walking had increased my need for a wee a lot, I thought, infact it was becomming quite urgent. I really did need to find a loo quickly.

We had to walk about 50 yards to inspect a milking unit. As the guide started to show us what was really only a dirty cow-shed, I decided that I could not bear to wait any longer. I was absolutely mortified, but I just had to go to the loo, there was no way I could hold this and concentrate on the tour. I blushed beet red, as I quietly asked the second guide,

"Excuse me, is there a Ladies room I could use quickly please.", but he just shook his head, and didn't seem to really understand!

Now was not the time for a language barrier, I silently cursed, crossing my legs,

"TOILET" I said to him sternly, "The Ladies Toilet". He suddenly seemed to understand, but he smiled at me, and in broken English, just said "we get to toilets soon, not now".

I didn’t know what to say. My bladder pulsed in protest at this denial. Surely he realised that the only reason I had asked for the toilet was because I was bursting! I really did want to go so badly I knew I could not wait much longer. I was left standing there though, with my legs twisted together, hanging on for dear life. I was mortified that those around me now knew of my need, and I was nervously wondering how much longer I was going to have to wait.

@@We seemed to spend ages looking at the milking area, and then went on to some more, equally boring farm units. I was really struggling by then, shivering with desperation, and stopping and crossing my legs at every opportunity. When I had to walk anywhere, I was mincing along, taking tiny steps with my thighs squeezed together, using all my strength to keep control of my bladder. It was a dank, cold day, and there was no heating in any of the buildings, and this cold was not helping my bladder. I cursed myself for drinking so much wine, as my bladder demanded more and more urgent attention. Standing close to a piece of farm machinery, I was able to press one hand between my legs without anyone seeing. Oh God, What a blessed relief! I was still bursting, but at least for the moment I could relax a bit. That salvation was temporary though, and the problem came when we moved on and I had to take my hand away from my crutch. The urge to wee returned with a vengeance, as if trying to make up for the brief moments when I had not been quite so desperate.

I gripped my belt and pulled up my jeans with both hands, which both pulled the fabric tighter across my crutch and slightly pulled them away from my bladder, which was hurting it was so full. This did something to reduce my need to wee; it was not as good as holding between my legs, but it was an inconspicuous way of helping me wait. I walked all the way to the next building, a calving unit, like this, frantic to thrust my hand bach up between my legs, where it was so urgently needed. It was slightly warmer in there, but to my despair, there was no machinery that I could use to hide me holding my crutch, which I so desperately wanted to do. I had to do something to hold out, so I put my hand inside my overalls and held my crutch from

@@there. I was really getting to a stage now where I really did not care if anyone could see me or not. I was starting to panic and thought that it was either press my hand into my crutch or I would really be in danger of wetting my knickers. My head was spinning as the ache in my abdomen demanded all of my attention! I was not taking any notice of the farm anymore, all I could think about was holding back my wee until I could get to a loo.

I stood for 2 minutes in that calving unit like that, frantically massaging my crotch and bobbing up and down, more and more frantically. I just had to go, I needed to wee. I had to make them understand my urgency, because I really couldn't wait much longer. In despair, I pulled the guide aside and discreetly asked again.

"PLEASE, is there a Ladies room I can use, I need to go very, very badly".

I was absolutely mortified at having to admit how desperate my need was, but at this stage I was ready to beg. I stood infront of him squirming, really panicking that if he denied me again, that wetting myself was becoming a real, terrifying possibility! The guide told me abruptly and loudly,

"There are no toilets in this building, we will reach the toilets later."

At least now I knew he understood what I wanted, but he was certainly not grasping the urgent desperation of the situation! I was SO desperate now, almost beside myself, and I simply could not allow myself to be fobbed off so easily. I asked the guide again, with the most pleading, frantic, little girl lost look that I could muster,

"PLEASE, could I go on to the toilet straight away, and then I'll rejoin the group."

He shook his head again, and said,

"I tell you once, no toilet yet. Group must stay together, security."

He appeared completely indifferent, and was either deliberately making me suffer, or just blindly following the rules. Quite frankly, he looked too bored or stupid to have the initiative to make anyone hold their wee and enjoy the sight.

@@There was clearly no point in pleading with the guide any more, I just had to wait until we reached this loo. I was crossing my legs, and doing everything I could to hold back my wee. I really was on the brink, trying everything I knew. I had been desperate before, god knows, I had had some urgent wees, but this was a new level. I had both hands inside my overalls now, one holding my crutch, the other pulling up my jeans. I tried to convince myself that by keeping my hands under the overall, nobody would know what I was doing, but really it was obvious that there was something seriously wrong with me. As the guide droned on, I was twisting my legs together, and then as the urge became almost unbearable, I was shivering with the effort of waiting. Whether it was the cold, or the combination of wine and coffee I had drunk affecting my kidneys, I don’t know, but I most desperately wanted a wee. No, that doesn't even nearly tell the story. I didn't want a wee, I NEEDED TO PISS, It was rapidly becoming an absolute emergency. If I could not get to a loo, then I was going to wet my knickers. The thought was mortifying, but I knew time was running out and it was a genuine, horrific worry.

Walking to the next lot of buildings, a pig breeding unit, was even worse than standing still, and I had to keep one hand pressed between my legs all the way. I felt that this was the only thing stopping me from completely flooding my knickers. I really was in a panic, trying so hard to clench myself shut, but in so much pain that I knew I was fighting a losing battle. I wanted to go so badly and my bladder was really hurting, and walking over this uneven path was making this worse, no matter how carefully I trod.

Once we reached the pig unit, I tried to stop holding myself. I tried to tell myself that it wasn't that bad, and I was an adult who could simply wait as long as was necessary! It was not long before I was so desperate that I had to start again. I would hold my crutch for a bit, and as soon as I felt in control, I would let go. Then the urge would build up again until I felt that I had to hold myself or wet my jeans. As the guide talked on, so the time that I could last without holding got shorter and shorter, and soon I was holding myself virtually all the time.

I simply had to have a wee somewhere. I had too. I had begged him to help me and he was not budging. My whole world centred on my agonised holding muscles between my legs, I couldn't just stand here and wet my knickers, I had to wee and I was genuinely at a stage that I no longer cared where, as long as it was soon, and I did not do it in my jeans.

I looked round to see if there was anywhere I could go. Perhaps I could slip outside and wee behind the unit? That would do, a tiny bit of privacy and I wouldn't miss anything as I hadn't heard a word he was saying anyway! I moved towards the door, but before I got there, one of the helpers stopped me.

"Please, " I said, "I want a toilet desperately, is there anywhere I can go, It really is an emergency." Since I was still holding my crutch underneath my overall, short of breath, and bright red in the face, it should have been obvious that I was not exaggerating, but he just shook his head and pushed me back towards the rest of the group. I wanted to scream at him, Oh God, I NEEDED to wee. Probably he did not speak English, and didn’t fully understand what I needed, but at the time I was in such a state that I hated him for not helping me. Why does no-one else need to go? I thought to myself, Why will nobody help me?

I was almost in tears as I re-joined the group, the only way I could make myself wait now was to hold my crutch constantly. Even if people could see what I was doing, so what, it was better than standing there and completely wetting myself. I hoped my overalls were hiding what I was doing, but I knew that nobody normally walked round with one hand tucked inside their overalls and the other pushed deep inside their pocket. I had never been in quite such a terrible predicament before. I felt completely helpless. I had often been really desperate to pee, but never had I been caught like this, in a group, nowhere to wee, and having to hold my crutch to stop myself wetting my knickers. I felt like a frantic little girl, doing a silent, frantic pee dance, praying that someone, anyone, would realise just how desperate I was, and take me to a loo.

We moved into the next building now, and, as I walked I was looking round, none stop, to see if there was anywhere that I could possibly wee. There was nothing in the building except a load of pens full of pregnant pigs, all with locked gates, so there was not even the chance of squatting in one. If there had been an open, empty pen, I think I would have used it to wee, I really was THAT desperate. I might even of tried to push the pig out of the way and go in an occupied one if I could have got in. I really was in such a state that I was beginning to panic. All I could think about was controlling my bladder. I was absolutely frantic, and constantly on the brink of letting go in my jeans. I seemed to be using every ounce of my strength to keep my bladder shut, as well as holding just as hard as I could press my hand up into my crutch. Several times I thought that I was going to break down and let it go in my knickers, but somehow I managed to wait.

I was so desperate that I started to think I didn’t care anymore. I was in such agony that I would rather wee in my knickers right then, than have to make the effort to wait any longer. I began to wonder if it really would show that much if I was to wee a little bit in my jeans. Could I manage to let out just enough to ease this unbearable, intense, desperation, but not enough for anyone to notice?

Luckily for my career, I came to my senses before I tried to do this. In hindsight, I was so desperate, there was no way I would have been able to control my bladder once I had started to let go. One leak would have led to another, and I would have soaked my jeans before I would have been able to stop myself.

As we moved to the door, the urge to wee built up to a crescendo, and I truly thought the game was up and I was going to burst into my jeans. The only way I could control it was to stand still with my legs crossed and holding my crutch with both hands. As I fought for control, someone bumped into me, and I had to start walking again. I was still holding with both hands, and even so, I thought I was going to let go any second. (Try walking like this, it is not easy, and anyone seeing you is left in no doubt as to what the problem is.)

I simply could not go on like this much longer, I had to wee somewhere before I damaged myself. I was starting to worry that my bladder may actually burst I was in such serious pain. in my desperate haze, my vision was blurring, and I decided I would squat down round the side of the building as soon as I was outside. I really meant to do this, there was no way anyone was going to stop me. I was so frantic now that I was prepared to tear off my jeans and knickers and squat down in front of everyone. I didn't think I could hold on for another second. As I moved away from the group, so one guide came alongside me and put his hand on my shoulder.

"Keep up" he grunted in broken English, pushing me back towards the group.

"I MUST go to the toilet!" I told him, but he looked blankly at me,

"Group stay together, security" he grunted again.

"I need a wee" I shouted, frantically tugging off my overall "Please let me go somewhere. PLEASE"

"KEEP UP" he said, firmly and quite terrifyingly.

My bladder was screaming at me though, it didn't matter how terrifying this man was, I NEEDED to wee, right now, right this second, I couldn't let him deny me. Everyone was staring at me as I pulled my arms out of my overalls and frantically started to undo my belt.

"I'm sorry" I was stammering, my aching girl parts burning now they had no assistance, "I'm sorry, I must, I have to, oh god, fuck, it's coming, I need to now, right now".

I tore apart my belt, causing a temporary relief, as I started fumbling with the button on my oh so tight jeans. The man grabbed my arm hard though.

"STOP NOW" he said, "YOU WAIT".

He pulled my overall back up and again, pushed me back toward the group. Was he doing this on purpose I thought, as tears welled in my eyes, what the fuck could I do.

"Please" I begged, "please, please, please, please, please, I'm going to have an accident",

"Group stay together" he said, "Toilets soon"

"I need the toilet now!" I gasped "I can't wait".

His hand was on my shoulder though as he almost pushed me into the next building. Tears started to fall down my face now, I was in a blind panic. My bladder screamed at me to simply let go, but I wasn't going to give the bastard the satisfaction. I summoned up some more strength from somewhere, and managed to keep control when I had to start walking again.

@@The next building was more pigs, and again no sign of any loos. I was not listening to the guide anymore, all my attention was focused on holding back my wee another few minutes, in the hope that eventually we would reach a loo. I stood squirming and crying, just clenching for all I was worth, when the worst thing imaginable happened. The pig in the pen I was standing by decided to have a wee. It stood there and let out a furious, gushing stream of pee, splattering noisily against the concrete floor. Some of our group giggled at this, but I nearly screamed. I never thought it was possible to be SO jealous of a pig, but this was the last straw, and the auto-suggestion was so strong that I could not prevent a spurt of wee escaping into my knickers. At that moment I would have given anything to have changed places with that pig, and be able to let my wee come pouring out. Instead I was fighting to stop another leak, groaning loudly as I pressed between my legs with all my strength. Somehow the crisis passed, and I was just about in control again, but I could feel the wetness between my legs. Unless I could get to a loo VERY quickly, I was going to have to perform in public, either squatting by a wall, in a pig shed with all of my colleagues and 2 terrifying guards watching me, or going in my jeans and being stuck in wet, stinking clothes for the rest of the day! Oh God, both options were absolutely horrifying, why couldn't I just go to the toilet.

At that exact moment, two female workers had come in and were starting to feed the pigs. I clung to my last hope, surely they would understand how desperately I needed to go, and how it was essential that I got to a loo right now. At the very least they would know where the Ladies loos were. I dashed up to the younger one, nearest me.

"Please, quickly, can you show me where the Ladies is?" I asked her.

She looked blankly at me, and was probably somewhat shocked by my urgent babbling in a foreign language. Another spurt of wee shot out, I was wetting myself, and I simply couldn't stop it!!

"Ladies, the ladies loos." I repeated, gritting my teeth with the effort of waiting.

Still no response. I was going frantic, and let another squirt go into my jeans. I had to do something to make her understand. I tore open my overall and showed her my huge wet patch, before, again holding my crutch with both hands, and pee dancing for all I was worth. I was hysterical now, tears flowing down my face, my knickers and jeans soaking wet, still in incomparable agony.

"Toilet, toilet. Oh please where is the toilet." I gasped. "I need it now, I am weeing myself, I can't wait I'm having an accident, please, I need a wee, please let me wee!"

At last she understood. She said something in Polish to her companion, who went over and began to talk to one of our guides. Her friend took me by the arm and led me up to the man. I had undone my jeans now and was holding my crutch openly now, inside my knickers, no longer caring who could see. The whole group was staring at me, but I was fighting to hold on just a few seconds more, until we got to this loo. The girl who was speaking to the guide looked at me and said, in very broken English,

"no toilet yet, you wait, toilet soon"

"NO NO NOOOOO" I shouted like a woman possessed, "I can't wait any more, I MUST go now, I MUST, its an absolute emergency, I'm wetting myself, please, please understand, oh god please help me, I need to weeeeeee", tears streamed down my face, as I pee dance furiously,

"Let her go" chimed one of my male colleagues, look at her, you can see she's desperate"

The polish girl started to argue again with them man, and he angrilly shouted something back and waved them away.

"Please", I cried, "Oh please let me",

"Come on, he say we take you" said the girl, and they led me away.

We seemed to be walking for miles, though it was actually only about 30 yards. She was hurrying, trying to pull me along, but I could hardly even walk, let alone walk fast. Round the corner of another building, and there were a couple of ramshackle huts, one without a door.

“Toilet" she said, pushing open the door and showing me a glorified hole in the ground, not that I cared what it was so long as I could wee there. I staggered inside, absolutely frantic, trying to shut the door, get my overalls off, and my jeans and knickers down, all while still holding my crutch. My jeans were so tight that I needed two hands to peel them down over my hips. I had to let go of my crutch, and I knew I was not going to be able to control my bladder once I did this. My teeth were chattering with desperation as I tore at my jeans, pulling them down to my knees as I began to crouch down. I had got my jeans down, and was pulling my overall out of the way, when I fully lost control and my bladder burst.

I just managed to pull my kickers out of the way as the wee came pouring out. I crouched there, in tears, and gasped "Oh fuck YES", savouring the glorious relief as I relaxed and emptied my bladder at last. The initial blast of pee was like nothing I'd ever seen before, it was like a power washer. My legs were shaking, as my stream blasted out of me, going on and on. The relief felt so good that I couldn't help but moan out loud. It felt so much better than any orgasm I have ever had. I had been in agony for so long that the relief was overwhelming. I was going for ages too, showing just how full my bladder had been.

It was so dim in the loo that I had to open the door a crack to see how badly I had wet myself in the last panic. My knickers and the crutch of my jeans were soaked, as was the hem of my overalls where it had got in the way when I had finally burst. The overalls were white, so the wet patch did not show very much, but my jeans had an obvious wet patch, almost down to the knees. I was so ashamed of what I had done, and mortified when I rejoined the group again

The guides glared at me, and shouted in Polish at my saviour. She gave back as good as she was getting, gesticulating at me and pressing both hands across her stomach as if her bladder was hurting, and eventually it all calmed down. The chief guide stayed close to me for the rest of the tour, and twice told me I must stay with the group. Did they seriously think I had been trying to get away on some sort of spying mission? Were they that stupid they couldn't tell my frantic desperation had been 100% genuine.

The guy who had interjected earlier asked me if I was OK, but, typically, nobody else in the group made any comment about my behaviour during the rest of the visit, and I made no attempt to offer an explanation or justify what I had done. I have noticed that most people are quite embarrassed at seeing an adult desperate for a wee, and often try to ignore what is happening, but that was, for sure, the worst day of my life. The day I wet myself in desperation infront of a group of international delegates.

*003*2021-08-20 23:28

{{On 8/17/2021 at 5:32 AM, Kreed said:

Usually I like it when the character wets herself in the end, but in this story I was actually rooting for her to make it. Glad she mostly did.

}}

Just made it is my absolute favourite, but I REALLY enjoy the desperation. If you're writing stories with girls as desperate as I like, then it stands to reason there will be an accident from time to time!

{{On 8/18/2021 at 11:38 AM, wether said:

Fantastic story, with very well desccribed desperation and peeing part. Is there the original version available anywhere?

}}

It's great isn't it, and whilst I ramped up the desperation, I take no credit for the original story, it was one of the best. Thomas' Water Resources is sadly, long since dead, but can still be found on the Wayback machine. Treat yourself and spend sometime in the competition entries, some of my all time favourite stories lurk in there, and it definitely played a major part in forming my interest in desperation.

@@femaledesperation.com (archive.org)

