PeeCember 2022: Part 3

Author: PPP

*000*2022-12-29 04:10

$$

This one was inspired by an image, I'll link it at the end. NUDITY.

###

Day 13: Drunk omo Baiken (Guilty Gear)

Baiken stared into the crackling campfire and took another swig of sake from her jug. The one-armed swordswoman was in a good mood; she and her allies had triumphed over the evil Happy Chaos. Now she was celebrating in her own way, downing her beloved alcohol while she camped out in the woods. Baiken had always been a heavy drinker, but it was usually to deal with her pent-up emotions over her past. This was the first time in a while she had drank to celebrate, and it felt good.

It took a long time, but Baiken eventually began to feel the effects of the alcohol. With her head feeling fuzzy, she looked into the jug and saw it was about ¾ empty. She might have been drunk, but Baiken still had enough sense to quit while she was ahead. She corked the jug and wiped her mouth with her one kimono sleeve.

“Time to rest,” she mumbled to herself. Baiken stood up and stretched, which caused her to feel one more effect of the sake.

Baiken reached down and gingerly touched her midsection, and was shocked to feel the size of the bulge. She had known her bladder was full, but she wasn’t expecting it to be able to hold that much. Now, she had no greater desire than to empty it.

“Gotta piss,” Baiken murmured. She briefly considered peeing on the campfire, but decided against it.

I got so much alcohol in my piss, I would probably just make it stronger, she thought, and the mental image made her laugh. A little unsteady on her feet, Baiken decided to relieve herself in a good old-fashioned squat.

She assumed the position, pulled aside her kimono and sarashi, and let herself relax. Her bladder gratefully let go, releasing its contents in a chaotic spray. Baiken winced as she felt most of her pee running down the inside of her thighs. Hoping to get it under control, she made a V-sign with her left hand and spread her labia, letting her urine flow freely. Baiken sighed in relief as her pee stream straightened out into a gentle arc, forming a golden puddle between her legs. Now that she was no longer essentially wetting herself, she was able to focus on the immense relief her bladder felt. Baiken let out a nearly orgasmic moan and shuddered with pleasure. She felt her kimono slip and expose her voluminous breasts but she didn’t care, it felt so damn good!

And it’s not like anyone’s watching, right? Baiken reasoned.

She pissed for what seemed like an eternity, but Baiken’s bladder eventually ran dry. She shook herself off, then gazed in amazement at the puddle she had left behind.

Still can’t believe I had that much in me, she thought. I’m almost impressed!

Baiken stifled a yawn, stamped out her campfire, then retreated into her tent.

“Tomorrow, more sake,” she mumbled before falling asleep.

###

$$

Image credit: https://www.pixiv.net/en/artworks/61044479

*002*2022-12-30 03:17

@Captain L

I should have that into account. IDK, pretend she's wearing special sarashi with a crotch opening in this story or something. Honestly though, Baiken leaking as she desperately tries to get undressed sounds like a great story prompt. Maybe somebody should do it...

