I won't tell if you don`t tell

Author: peepantsrunner

*000*2023-04-02 08:54

Caitlin and I had grown up together, and for as long as I could remember, I'd always had a bit of a crush on her. She was a year older than I was, though, and I think that made her always look at me as a kid, not a guy she might want to date. Sure, we were only nine months apart, but we met when I was four and she was five, and nine months was a big deal back then. That dynamic stuck, and although we were eighteen and nineteen now, I think she still looked at me as that kid that's fun to hang out with, and nothing more.

You can imagine my joy, then, when she came home for summer after her first year at college. She had gone away, while I had been stuck in our little hometown finishing my last year of high school. I didn't want to be stuck as just friends any more, so I asked her out the day she came home, and to my surprise, she said yes!

Well, I think she knew we were on a date. I had asked if she wanted to go do something together, just the two of us, and before I had gotten a chance to suggest something romantic like a nice dinner, she said, "Sure! You want to go tubing down the river? I've been stuck in a library for weeks studying for finals and need to get some sun."

It wasn't exactly what I had had in mind, but why not? It'd give me a chance to show off the killer bod I'd been working on. Ok, I was mostly just skinny, but if I flexed, you could kinda see my abs. Maybe Caitlin would even wear a bikini. That would be interesting for sure. She wasn't pretty like a movie star in a glamorous sort of way, but she was really cute and I had a huge crush on her, so, yeah, a bikini would be really interesting.

There was one other thing that I thought about as we drove out to the river in my battered old pickup. Being in the water all day would give me a chance to have a little fun peeing. I mean, you're spending all day floating down a river, with no bathroom in sight, and your ass hanging in the water. I figure everybody pees through their swimsuit, so what's the harm if I drink a little extra so I can enjoy it even more?

I parked my truck in front of the little shack that rents out the inner tubes, kayaks, and canoes people take down the lazy winding river. We paid for our tubes and loaded our cooler into the van that would drop us a few miles upriver. The plan was to float back down to here so when we were done all we had to do was return the tubes and hop in my truck.

I told Caitlin that there was a restroom with space to change into her swimsuit in it, but to my surprise, she just lifted her shirt off right there on the riverbank. She had worn a bikini under her t-shirt and denim cutoffs, and it was every bit the sight I had hoped for and then some. "Try not to get blinded by my skin, Luke. I told you I've been inside all spring," Caitlin said, before asking me to help apply sunscreen to her pale back and shoulders. She may have thought she needed a tan, but I thought she was perfectly sexy just the way she was, and if she noticed me getting erect in my board shorts as I rubbed her slender shoulders, she had the good grace not to tease me about it.

For the most part, we were just like any other young (hopeful) couple on the river that day. I caught her up on all the gossip she'd missed about everyone she still knew in town, and she told me all about her experiences at college. The only thing out of the ordinary, was that I was drinking as much water and gatorade as I thought I could without being suspicious. I may have even snuck a few beers into the cooler. It's not like the cops are out checking on teenagers floating down a river exactly.

After a couple hours, my need to pee was getting really intense. I tried to make myself have a complete accident, but after a while, the urgency got way too intense for me to look as relaxed as you should be drifting slowly downstream on a beautiful day, with a beautiful girl. I had to let it go. Still, peeing my board shorts while I talked to Caitlin felt pretty good, so I kept drinking so I could do it again.

The day went on like this, and I must have peed a dozen or more times. Each time, I pushed into the red zone, you know, the level where you would be absolutely panicking if you had to pee that bad in most situations. I even leaked a little when I actually was trying to hold it while we were pulled over on a bank eating the sandwiches I had packed us for lunch. Caitlin never asked to go into the woods or anything, so although she wasn't drinking any more than a normal person normally would, I had to assume that she had peed through her bikini into the river at least a time or two.

As the afternoon wore on, I knew we would be coming to the end of our float soon. I quit drinking anything, and quit holding myself to the bursting point. We had a ninety minute drive back to town, and I didn't want to embarrass myself by pulling over to use the restroom at every gas station we passed on the trip. I was, after all, trying to get Caitlin to see me as a man and her equal and not some kid she left behind after graduation.

We came around a bend in the river, and there was the little shack sitting on the bank with my truck waiting for us in the parking lot. We pulled up and went inside. "Sorry, bro, toilet's busted. You and your lady friend can still change out of your wet clothes in there though," the obviously stoned teenager working the desk told us. A look of concern flashed across Caitlin's face before quickly vanishing, but she didn't object to being called, "my lady friend." Not quite the same as "girlfriend," but still. I'll call it a win.

My truck bounced down the gravel road back to civilization, and I heard a sharp gasp from Caitlin. "Easy on the potholes, Luke." I told her that she clearly didn't understand the point of owning an old beat-up pickup, but slowed down all the same. I am a gentleman, after all. I tried to take it easy on the bumps and bangs, but a couple of the bigger ones still knocked grunts out of Caitlin. That was kinda odd. Sure, she was pretty, but she was outdoorsy, too. I had never thought of her as "delicate."

I realized I was in trouble as the truck turned back onto paved roads. Despite my efforts to calm things down for the last couple hours, my bladder was in rough shape from pushing it so hard all day. I went from zero to near bursting in a matter of minutes. I tried to ignore it, hoping the sudden desperation was all in my head and it would go away if I forgot about it. No luck! My cock was twitching inside my faded blue jeans, feebly fighting to hold back the flow.

Caitlin must have noticed me fidgeting in the driver's seat, because she asked me if I was ok. I told her I was, and she said, "You sure? You seem a little antsy." I said, "Yeah, don't worry about it. You'd just laugh at me if I told you. I'm fine really."

"I won't laugh, I promise. Just tell me what's up," she said. "Well, if you promise you won't laugh, I'll tell you: I'm absolutely dying to take a piss."

I couldn't believe it but she was actually laughing at me right after promising not to! I playfully slapped her shoulder and scolded her for it. She managed to gasp out between giggles, "No no no, I'm not laughing at you. I'm really not. It's just funny because I'm seriously about to pee my shorts if we don't find somewhere soon. I'm so full my back teeth are swimming!"

"Are you serious? You hardly drank anything all day. How do you have to pee so bad?" I asked her. "There was nowhere to go out there all day, that's how! I was able to sneak off and pee in the trees once when we stopped at the rope swing, but I've been holding it since then. I thought I could go back at the rental place!"

I couldn't believe my ears and I actually turned to stare at her while I drove. "You. Just. Pee. In. The. River. Everybody does it. The fish do it, too. You seriously thought you had to hold it?"

"Well, I don't make a habit of peeing with my clothes on, so I didn't think about it. I guess it makes sense now that you mention it, though. Wait a second. If you were just peeing whenever you felt like it all day, how are you so desperate?" Caitlin demanded. I replied, "I was drinking as much as I was thirsty for since I had my ass hanging in a giant toilet anyway, and since it was so hot out, I guess I was thirsty a lot."

Now we were both laughing at the absurdity of the situation we had gotten into together by completely opposite mistakes. With a sharp intake of breath, Caitlin jammed both hands between her thighs and said, "ooh, no more laughing. I'm seriously going to pee."

"I'm right there with you," I groaned. After a minute of silence between us, I looked at her and asked, "soooo, what do we do now? I don't think there's anywhere that has a bathroom for at least thirty, maybe forty five minutes. I don't think I can make it, you?"

"Nope," was all Caitlin could say in return.

"Should we just, you know, give up?" I asked her. "What, you mean, just pee ourselves on purpose? Who does that?!?"

"People who are going to pee themselves on accident, anyway, that's who. I don't know about you, but my only option might be to do it before or after I damage my kidneys." Caitlin looked as thoughtful as she could while frantically holding herself and doing a sitting version of a pee dance, and then told me, "Well, if you need to let go, just let go. I'll try harder not to laugh this time." I asked her, "What about you, though?"

"I'm gonna try and hold it I think."

After double and triple checking that she really was ok with me wetting my pants, I gave up and let it happen. The first couple seconds were slow, but as my bladder relaxed more, my stream grew to full force. If I had been nude, I probably would've blasted the roof of my pickup, but as it was, I was nosily blasting the inside of my jeans so hard that it bubbled up a quarter inch over the surface of the fabric. I managed to contain my moan of relief and satisfaction, but Caitlin must've heard my deep sigh. She was starting wide-eyed at my darkening crotch and asked me if it felt as good as I made it sound. The puddle forming under my ass was overflowing my seat and cascading down to the floor mat by now, and I kept peeing as I racked my brains for the least incriminating way to answer her.

"Uhhh.... It just felt so bad trying to hold it that I'm really relieved to be done with that. That all. You should try it!" I added that last part with a tone that hopefully left me plausible deniability to call it a joke if she took it poorly, but that turned out to be unnecessary. "Ummm...ok" she said. "Ok what?" I asked as I pushed the last few drops of my pee out. "Ok, I'll wet my shorts. Like you said, it's probably a matter of when, not if, and I really, really want to just let it go and feel better like you did." I could hardly believe my wildest fantasy was about to come true, but it got even better when she added with a mischievous grin, "Besides, I think I owe you a show!"

Caitlin took her hands away from holding herself and placed them daintily on her knees, sat up perfectly upright, looking very ladylike in her Daisy Dukes, ten-year-old t-shirt, and messy ponytail, closed her eyes in a look of serene bliss, and.... didn't pee. She slouched back down and pouted, "You made it look so easy. I gotta go, but how do you pee with clothes on?" Now, I'm not normally a real bold guy when it comes to talking to girls, but we were already nine miles outside my comfort zone, so I said what the hell and reached out and took her hand in mine. To my delight, she smiled at me and squeezed my hand back. I then told her to relax and take deep breaths, and coached her through peeing herself while trying not to sound like I was kind of an expert at it.

It took a couple minutes, but she eventually let a little spurt out. It barely made a spot on the crotch of her faded shorts, but she was ecstatic. "I did it!" She exclaimed. "I can't believe I just peed my panties!" I congratulated her, and told her to try it again. The spot grew to the size of my hand on her second burst, and she gasped, "Ooh. It's so warm! I didn't think it would feel this warm." Once again, she either didn't notice my raging erection pitching a very wet tent, or chose to let me think she didn't.

Third time's the charm, as they say, and soon Caitlin had a steady stream going. Not as strong as mine had been, but steady. She giggled uncontrollably, covering her mouth with the hand I wasn't holding, and kept repeating, "I'm peeing! I'm peeing! I'm peeing!" between fits of laughter. Her shorts were small enough that little streams of yellow ran across her thighs where they sprayed out either side of the narrow strip of fabric covering her, rather than soaking through with the rest.

After a minute that was somehow both the longest and shortest of my life, Caitlin slumped back into the passenger seat and sighed. "Wow! That was....nice? Is it weird to say it was nice?" I told her it might be, just a little, but added, "I won't tell if you don't tell."

"Ok," she said.

We didn't say anything for a while after that, and our hands drifted apart. Eventually, though, we fell back into regular conversation about things like the day's adventures on the river, school, and mutual friends. In fact, the rest of the ride home was as normal as normal could be, except for the one tiny detail that we were both sitting in puddles of our own urine. I parked my truck at her apartment just after dark and asked if I could walk her to her door.

"Oh. You don't have to do that. I don't want you to have to risk being seen." I told her that was nonsense. Sure, it would be embarrassing if I got caught, but she had to walk to her door no matter what, so I could suck it up and walk with her. "And they say chivalry is dead," she said. At her door, instead of running straight in to go change, she stopped and turned to look up at me. "I had a really nice time today, Luke." I decided to test my luck one more time, so rather than say anything back to her, I just leaned in. She raised up on tip-toes and our lips met for several wonderful seconds. She broke it off, but only to whisper in my ear, "I need to get inside and out of these wet clothes. Do you want to help?"

