Omovember 2021: Day 22

Author: PPP

*000*2021-11-24 21:46

$$

I was part of a campaign for Icewind Dale: Rime of the Frostmaiden a while ago, and it inspired me to write this.

###

Day 22: Peeing from a high-up place OC (Dungeons & Dragons)

###

The sun rose over the summits of Wyrmdoom Crag. One of the deadliest peaks in all of Faerun, it was home to a race hard as the stone that comprised the mountains: the Goliaths. With the blood of giants flowing through their veins, these hulking gray-skinned folk were renowned for their strength and endurance. And of all the tribes, none were more impressive than the Thuunlagalaka Clan, whose heroic feats were known throughout the Forgotten Realms. As the morning sun passed over their camp, one of their members got ready for her morning ritual.

Nalla yawned heartily and threw off the bearskin blankets. Blinking at the light, she rose up to her full seven feet and stretched. Nalla reached down and gingerly touched her midsection. Her bladder was filled to the brim from the previous night’s ale, and she could see it visibly bulging under her shirt.

Perfect, Nalla thought. She exited her tent and strode barefoot across the snow-covered stone. Her breath hung in the air, but the cold didn’t bother her. Nalla made her way over to the cliff at the edge of her clan’s camp and prepared for her daily routine.

Nalla looked over her shoulder to make sure she was the only one awake. Nobody else seemed to be stirring, so she undid the rope belt around her waist. Her deer-hide pants fell to the ground, exposing her nether regions to the cold morning air. Nalla shivered at a particularly fierce gust of wind, but she continued nonetheless. Reaching down, she made a V-sign with two fingers and spread her labia. Nalla peered down at the sheer drop in front of her, mist hiding the ground below. Then she relaxed the muscles keeping her bursting bladder under control.

Nalla felt the flood of urine snake through her before gushing out in a powerful spray. Her pee had the force of a yellow geyser as it shot out in front of her by a good few feet before raining down on the valley below. Nalla was barely able to control her stream, and a good amount of pee wound up dribbling down right in front of her, sending up columns of steam where it landed.

“Haaahhh,” she moaned, eyes rolling back into her head. Wonderful sensations were overwhelming her as she gratefully emptied her bladder: the relief of letting it all out, the warmth pissing provided, and the naughty thrill of doing it somewhere she shouldn’t. Nalla had been performing this ritual for years, and she loved it every time.

Hundreds of feet down the cliff, shrouded by fog, two Kobold mountaineers were making their ascent. The tiny humanoid dragons were bundled up against the cold with several layers of coats, hats, and gloves.

“How much farther?” groaned the one in the lead.

“We’re almost there, Erba,” replied his companion, who was attached further down the climbing rope. “Now hurry up and secure that piton.”

Grumbling, Erba made sure his rope was scure before hammering his piton into the stone above him. As he did, however, he felt something unusual: warm rain splashing down.

“Vett!” he cried in a panic. “It’s raining! We’re gonna fall!”

“Will you shut up?” Vett snapped. “It is far too cold for it to-” Then the ‘rain’ hit him as well. “Ach! That’s quite a downpour! Hold on tight!”

The mountaineers gripped the rope and hugged the cliff wall, hanging on despite the sudden slipperiness.

Back atop the cliff, Nalla finally ran dry. She watched the last of her pee disappear into the fog, and could have sworn she heard voices.

Probably my imagination, she rationalized before pulling her pants back up. Behind Nalla, various other Goliaths began to rise. And below her, the two Kobolds continued their climb, baffled by the localized rainstorm in the frigid mountains.

###

Up next: Wetting skintight clothes

