PeeCember 2022: Part 2

Author: PPP

*000*2022-12-24 06:43

This one's set in an original universe, a kind of sci-fi/Ancient Greece mashup

Day 12: For a cause/on purpose OC's

Of all the planets in the galaxy, Tiabis was widely considered to be the most beautiful. The sun shone brightly over crystal-clear seas and vast amber fields, and the weather was nearly always warm and mild. The capital city of Colosi was a wonder of architecture, combining beautiful classical buildings with the latest advancements in technology. Hover-trams carried people all around the city, but the most common destination was the local tavern. The place was usually bustling with life and full of joy. On this day, however, a dark mood hung over the patrons.

“I ran into her today,” one man lamented as he sipped his wine.

“Did you manage to get past her?” asked his companion.

“Of course not,” the first man replied. He groaned. “I have to get my cows up to the mountain pasture soon, and that bitch is blocking the only way!”

“She’s stopped me from going to see my family,” a third man added, “and they desperately need supplies. She’s a monster!”

“Pardon me,” came a new voice. A tall, muscular woman with short brown hair strode up to the bar. She wore a simple leather tunic with a belt and scabbard, as well as a fur shawl over her shoulders. “Did I hear you mention a monster?”

“Yes,” said one of the men warily. “What business is it of yours?”

“My name is Dipas,” said the woman. “Monsters are something of a specialty of mine.”

Dipas ordered a beer and took a hearty swig before continuing.

“I’ve slain monsters from here to the Northern Wastes,” she explained. “This shawl is made from the fur of a cave panther that I killed with my bare hands.”

“We, er, don’t want you to kill anything,” one of the men explained hurriedly. “This ‘monster’ is human.”

“Or at least she was,” the cowherd added. Seeing Dipas’ confused expression, he continued. “She’s a modder. You know, someone who’s had themselves genetically modified?”

“I’ve encountered a few of those,” said Dipas. “What’s this one’s game?”

“She’s modded herself with cat features,” said the cowherd. “Fur, claws, sharp ears and green eyes. She calls herself the Sphinx. Currently, she’s at the head of the only path to the mountains, and she won’t let anyone through. It’s affecting everybody in this city, but anyone who’s tried to fight her has been mauled.”

“And you don’t want me to kill her?” asked a skeptical Dipas.

“We’d prefer to avoid bloodshed here,” the first man explained. “And she says she’ll stop if somebody solves her riddle.”

“What riddle?” asked Dipas. The man cleared his throat.

“‘In this fair city,’” he recited, “‘the rights of all have made such great advances. Yet on this issue, men and women still must take different stances. For if-’”

“Piss,” said Dipas bluntly.

“Pardon?” asked the third man. “Oh, the restroom is down the hall and to the right.”

“No, idiot,” Dipas snapped. “It’s the answer to the riddle.”

“‘Different stances’,” the cowherd repeated. “Of course, it should have been so obvious! Thank you so much!” He finished his drink then dashed towards the entrance. “I’m off to see the Sphinx!”

“Wait,” Dipas called, “I don’t think-” She stopped when she saw that he was gone already. “Men,” she grumbled. “He’ll learn soon enough.”

The following night, Dipas was back at the bar. She was swapping stories with two of the men when the third showed up, looking mortified.

“How’d it go with the Sphinx?” Dipas asked smugly.

“It was terrible!” cried the cowherd. “I gave her the answer, but she just smiled and gave me another! And when I couldn’t guess the answer, she- she threw me to the ground and urinated on me!”

The two other men burst out laughing at this, but Dipas had a serious look on her face. She knew what she had to do. She woke up early the next morning, then headed for the mountain trail. After a few hours of hiking, the hills gave way to sheer cliffs. Eventually, Dipas arrived at a large flat area strewn with large gray stones and flanked on both sides by deep canyons. Perched languidly atop one of the rocks was the source of the city’s troubles.

The Sphinx’s body was humanoid and feminine, but her ears were pointed and tufted like a cat’s. A long tail swished behind her. She was completely nude and covered in short tawny fur that did nothing to hide her privates. Dipas felt her face growing warm at the sight, but suppressed her emotions and marched forward.

“Halt!” the Sphinx hissed, jumping down from her perch. “If you wish to pass, you must solve my riddle.” She cleared her throat. “What is-”

“I’m not here about that riddle,” Dipas interrupted. “I’m here about the last one you told.”

“Hmm? Oh, that one. True, that man answered it, but I wasn’t going to give in that easily. And if you think you can answer it-”

“I know the answer,” said Dipas, “and I’m here to show you that your answer is wrong.”

“What?” asked the Sphinx. “Oh, that. When I said ‘women,’ I meant biologically female-”

“No, you’re still not getting it,” said Dipas. She strolled over to the edge of the canyon, and the curious Sphinx followed.

“Watch and learn,” Dipas instructed. She lifted up the bottom part of her tunic, baring her lower half to the world as she hadn’t worn undergarments that day. The Sphinx gasped but Dipas paid her no mind, instead holding up her tunic in one hand while reaching down with the other. She took two fingers and spread her labia, then let herself relax. Dipas had downed several drinks the night before, and now she felt them working their way through her. After a brief pause, a strong golden stream emerged from between her legs. It flew straight out for several feet before breaking up into droplets above the canyon. Dipas laughed as she watched her stream fall out of sight. Still peeing at a steady rate, she turned to look at the Sphinx, who was staring wide-eyed.

“Ahhhh,” Dipas moaned loudly. “Feels so good to let all that piss out. Like what you see, kitten?” She laughed again and shook her hips from side to side, sending her golden rain flying all over the place.

Dipas’ bladder kept draining for what seemed like forever. Eventually, though, she pushed out the last droplet. She wiped herself with the hem of her tunic, then grinned at the Sphinx.

“What do you say to that?”

“M-my riddle was wrong,” the Sphinx stammered in disbelief. She sat down, overwhelmed. “I don’t know what to say.”

“Say you’ll leave this area and let the people through,” said Dipas.

“I’m sorry!” wailed the Sphinx. “I didn’t mean any harm, I just-”

“Shh,” Dipas ordered. “I know your type. Lording your power over these people, trying to show your superiority.” She took a step closer to the Sphinx and lowered her voice. “Parading around nude, showing off that body, pissing to mark your dominance…” Dipas put one hand on the cat-girl’s shoulder. “You get off to this, don’t you?”

The Sphinx gulped, then nodded, looking embarrassed.

“And,” Dipas continued, “you liked watching me pee, didn’t you?”

A pause, then another nod.

“I knew it,” Dipas whispered, looking down between the Sphinx’s legs.”You’re getting wet already. Tell you what, kitten: you stop taking your sexual urges out on these people, and I’ll help you take care of them personally.”

“Y-you really mean it?” squeaked the Sphinx.

“Of course,” said Dipas. “I know what it’s like to be lonely.” She embraced the Sphinx, and they kissed passionately. Pulling away, Dipas removed her tunic.

“That cowherd might not have liked it,” she purred, “but I’d be happy to let you mark me as your territory.”

