Wet Problems!

Author: PleasureLover

*000*2024-07-05 00:47

(All characters in this story are 18+)

The Meetup!

Ashley sat on the wooden bench, built in place to match the opposing one, along with a larger wooden table fixated between the two. She fiddled with the leather strap of her bag, examining the large print across her book, "Math EnVision 1.2". She was to study with her boyfriend, Jake. Perhaps she arrived too early, it was only 5:25pm. Glancing around to find any sight of him, she glossed over the park, now mostly empty. The trees surrounding the setup of benches and tables seemed to go on for a far distance, with the scent of fresh oak covering the park's aroma. The concrete floor complimented the stand-point, and she took a moment to tidy up her clothes. She wore a red skirt, a flannel design of black highlights streaking across the fabric cloth. Above, she had her white button-up shirt, long sleeve, with a tied bow resting at the collar.

In the distance, she could see her expected arrival running towards her. The long stretch of rough grass made the journey seem about a couple dozen feet. Jake had been dashing towards her, in a more playful manner, arising some joyful chuckles from Ashlet. She wasn't exactly an out-going laugh person, but rather an introverted girl, who enjoyed the company of her lover. After stepping onto the concrete padding, conversation began.

"Ugh-! Ashlet, why'd we agree to go here..? I...I'd hope..it wouldn't be this far into the park, but oh well I guess."

"You shouldn't have run, dummy. Just sit down already so you can stop panting like crazy!"

Ashlet responded, patting the spot on the bench beside her, which he followed by expectation. It was always fun to be around Jake, which was what quickly aroused her feelings for him in the first place, and one awkward confession later, they decided to try..dating! Resting at the back of her mind, Ashlet found herself pondering the decision of drinking so much apple juice while waiting..

"Alright, just bring out the book, and...man I need the bathroom. Hm, where is the nearest one-? God, am I really this stupid for picking this spot??"

The Studying!

As they began to cover the many problems in the book, they spent much of their time focusing on the homework presented, and talking of mutual conversation.

"Okay, uh...t- uh, I forgot how to do this question.." Jake slurred.

"What? We literally just did the substitution method, it's not that hard! Whatever, just follow my pattern." Ashlet said.

"Okay, okay! Didn't know you were so studious, heh- But uh..why do we do this part??"

Soon, the need for the bathroom became more apparent for Ashlet, for she soon noticed her left arm, digging at her skirt. It wasn't crucially noticable, but she moved her bag to cover up the embarrassing action. But even then, the need to relieve herself began to work at her disadvantage through speaking, as she began to stumble on her words, even forgetting much of the answers.

"U-um, uh..so this one, is the next p-problem we need to do, right-?"

"Yeah, I think so. Man, why does Mr. Borg always give us these specific questions, I swear he's trying to make us dizzy with all this nonsense-"

"H-Hehe, y-yeah- So, how do we do th-this one.?" Ashlet mumbled.

"Uhh, didn't we just do this question, like 5 minutes ago?" Jake wondered.

"O-Oh-! Yeah, I think so..but I think I, uh, forgot-"

The Desperation!

With this now panning in, Jake soon began to notice this, and began to plot his own plan. See, Jake always loved to tease Ashlet, from when they visited each other, to making her desperate for pleasure, and he knew just how this time.

As they flipped to the final page of their homework, Jake placed his hand on Ashlet's knee. Although minor to one, Ashlet noticed and began to panic. The pee was piling up, and constant squirming of her knees and body couldn't be avoided. She felt her face grow hot as Jake's hand slip closer and closer to her...she was lost and gave up and trying to pay attention.

"Ashlet? Ashlet?? You paying attention?" Jake asked.

"I- uh..um, I am~! It's just, that uh, I'm a bit itchy! That's all!" Ashley said.

"Hm, then you wouldn't mind me doing..this?" And as he finished the sentence, he brought his hand up to the top of her thigh, now resting just inches from her crotch, and her panties began to fill over, with the first drips of pee dribbling out, and soaking the panties.

"U-Um..no.." Ashlet whispered, her voice getting lighter, and her mind, clouding up with a want for pleasure, but a resilience to hold back the gushing piss.

"Cute. You know you're my Good Girl, right?"

The words of being his "Good Girl" had her feeling more wet than before, not just from pee. And at this point, his hand was mere moments from resting on her panties, along with her hand.

"Should I move the final distance?" Jake teased.

"Yes- P-Please.!" Ashley murmured.

The Pleasure!

It was no use to hold at this point. As the dam overflowed, her panties began to flow with pee. She desperately clutched Jake's hand, resting over her lips, now the center of the waterfall. Ashlet let out a soft moan, holding on long as the pee left her hole. Her face grew red, filled with embarrassment, and shunned her face away from Jake, who in it of itself, didn't mind the situation, and kept on trying to fluster her more than she already was.

"Ah~ A-Ah~!! Mm..Eh~<3"

It was embarrassing, of course, but the feeling of pleasure and sheer relief overshadowed it, as she emptied her bladder of the remaining fluid, drenching the now stained bench, and leaving a spilled puddle on the concrete floor. She turned up to see Jake's face, quickly feeling extremely flustered.

"I- um. I'm sorry, hon-" Ashlet pleaded.

"Hey bae, don't worry! We've been through this, you don't need to be ashamed about it, I know you don't like bringing it up. You're lucky there's nobody in the park-" Jack explained.

"Sure...um..can you give me a little more love..for your Good Girl.?"

As the couple "finished their homework", they bid farewells to one another, shared a final kiss, and departed. Ashlet, soaked with piss and other love juices, made sure to go home and change clothes, forever remember the little date today~<3

The End!

.

.

.

(Hey everyone! First topic, and sheesh, is it a long one- I hope you guys enjoyed it! I don't write stuff like this, but I'm hoping to gain more experience. See you all next time-! Mwah~<3)

