Mum's birthday treat ends in disaster

Author: pguy69

*000*2022-04-18 12:36

So, this is not my original work, it is an experience that I saved from the experiences forum about 3/4 years ago from an account that is no longer active, but I have reworked it into a fiction. Hope that is ok and hope you enjoy!

I gave my mum a ticket for an Ed Sheeran open air concert for her 40th birthday this year. It was going to be her first real concert since she saw Fleetwood Mac in the 80s and she was super looking forward to it. On the day of the concert she dressed up nicely, like a classic rock chick, tight jeans, white blouse, nice handbag and lots of makeup. As some of my friends (two guys, one girl) were going there by car, I asked them to join with my mum, and she was happy to travel with the "younger crowd" as she called them. So we carpooled to the concert venue with five people in my friend's new BMW 3-series and everything went astonishingly smooth. When we arrived the venue very crowded, and parking was a nightmare, but it was all good!

My mum and I separated from my friends at the concert venue, agreeing to meet them back at the car straight afterwards. The supporting acts were great already, my mum and I had two beers each and really enjoyed the vibe of the event. She then said that she had to go to the toilet before Ed Sheeran comes on stage, so we went in the direction of the portapotties which were lined up to both sides of the stage. However, it quickly became apparent that there were far too little of them. With about 90,000 thousand people in the venue, and probably 2 thirds of those, at least, being female, there were so many people in front of the toilets that you could not even see where a line would start or end. My mum was a little shocked about the situation.

We waited in line for about 15 minutes, and weren't even halfway down the line. Eventually we heard the tannoy announcing that Ed was due on stage in 15 minutes. My mum moaned that she didn't want to miss any, and this line was another 20 minutes at least. I asked what she wanted to do, and was quite surprised when she said that she needed to pee, but she needed to see Ed come on stage more! I reassured her that after the gig the lines would be less, because people just wanted to go home, so, whilst she looked unsure, she decided that she could hold it until after the show, so we went back to our original space and soon after, Ed Sheeran hit the stage.

He played for the next two hours and it really was a fantastic performance and magic night, especially for my mum. Totally worth the price and a little hassle. However, as soon as the concert ended, I tried to talk to my mum, but she looked tense. It was obvious that her bladder was now VERY full because she grabbed my arm and I could see that she had crossed her legs tightly. We slowly made our way towards the exit, but it was painfully slow going as the stadium started to empty. She crossed her legs again every time we stood still and seemed a little nervous and agitated. Once we got close to the toilet area, she blurted out,

"Sorry, but I really need to go the bathroom before we leave...".

I told my mum that she could go, but we should hurry up afterwards to catch my friends. Once we got closer to the portapotties, it became obvious that the lines were even longer than earlier.

"You said that the lines would be shorter now"! She gasped, sounding somewhat panicked.

"Sorry mum" I said, "They usually are. I guess because its such a big gig, and there are so many young girls and alcohol tents, well, this is the result. Let's head out to the carpark and..."

She interrupted me,

"I'm sorry, but I really need to go...", and she joined the HUGE line and we waited.

After about 10 minutes and some serious leg-crossing and pee-dancing by my mum, we had only made it about five metres in line and the toilets were still agonisingly far away!

"Why is everyone taking so long" she whined, with a little mock whimper, "This is just ridiculous, are there any other toilets?"

"There's some round the other side" I said, "but they'll be just as bad, maybe we should just leave?"

"LEAVE?!" she gasped, "No way, I need to wee first"

Looking down the line, it was clear that there were probably 50 or 60 people ahead of her in line for about 15 portapotties. Reaching the toilets was going to take at least another 20 minutes, probably half an hour the way this queue was moving, and there was a lot of whining, bouncing and squirming, there was no way anyone was giving up their place in line. A girl about 5 people behind us shouted out:

"HURRY UP AT THE FRONT, WE'RE FUCKING DESPERATE BACK HERE", a shout which was met with enthusiastic cheers from down the line.

The girl in front of mum, who looked about 19, turned to mum and said;

"This is stupid isn't it, how can they be taking so long, my bladder is so full its gonna blast out of me like a firehose, I'll be empty in seconds"

"Oh don't" replied mum, seemingly forgetting herself for a second, "I can't remember the last time I was this full, I gotta go like a racehorse"

"Mum" I said, trying to convince her to head to the car park. "This queue is gonna take fucking ages, let's head out and we'll get Tim to stop at the services, it'll probably be quicker than waiting in this line, and the toilets will definitely be cleaner."

She was really not up for this though, telling me that she would rather wait for a wee first and how she couldn't bear to extend her wait any longer than it needed to be, but I reassured her the services would be quicker, and that there might even be more toilets out by the carpark, or another option to go somewhere if it was a real emergency.

I also had to go, but was not keen on waiting in line, so I had decided I could hold it until home. Besides, my friends and I had agreed to meet at the car park as soon as possible after the concert. It took us another 15 minutes to get there, and there were no more toilets and also no bushes. My mum bent over a few times and looked very unhappy about the situation now, but as my friends were already impatiently waiting at the car. Anna, my friends girlfriend who had recently turned 20, looked angry.

"There you are, we've been waiting for fucking ages!".

"Too long eh Anna", teased Chris.

"Fuck off Chris" she replied, "I had no choice".

"Sorry" said my mum, "it's just that we tried to...",

Anna interrupted, she was clearly drunk, "I don't care what your excuse it, I nearly pissed myself, we waited so long, I had to drop my knickers and piss in the carpark like an animal, just get in, I just want to get home now, I've never been so humiliated".

Chris sniggered at her, and sure enough, next to the car there was an ENORMOUS puddle. She must have been frantic if that had all come out of her!! I was secretly upset that I had missed her public show.

Everyone got in the car though, Tim was driving, next to him his girlfriend Anna, I was sitting in the middle, Chris to my right and my mum to my left. Space was tight, but as the drive was usually no longer than half an hour it was okay. It took us way longer than expected to even make it out of the car park, probably 25 minutes, and my mum, although trying to hide it, obviously really, really had to go to the bathroom badly. We talked about the fantastic concert and when somebody asked my mum something, her answers were really short and strained. She constantly rubbed her right leg on mine, tapped her feet and pressed her legs together. Although she tried to hide her need from the others, it was quite obvious to me sitting right next to her. I thought we might have to stop somewhere at a gas station for her, before the services, but Anna was furious, so there was no way I was asking. She could ask Tim herself if necessary.

Once on the motorway, I could see that my mum discretely open the upper button of her jeans which led to her the top of her white panties. A little later she twice grabbed the inside of her upper legs quite hard and it was obvious to me that she was really desperate.

"I'm really sorry Tim, but you will need to pull in at the next services" she finally said, confirming that her need must be getting absolutely frantic. Anna snapped at her though,

"Are you taking the piss, you've already held us up, I just want to get home".

I knew she was very nearly having a piss, never mind taking the piss, and her squirming now increased.

"I am sorry, really I am, but I could do with a trip to the Ladies".

Anna was furious "Well, I could have done with a trip to the fucking Ladies while I was standing around waiting for you. Hopefully you'll feel how bursting I was when I had to drop my pants in public".

Mum was now almost bouncing in her seat, her need clearly increasing now it was out in the open.

"I'm really sorry Anna, I just had to try and wait for the toilet, but the queue was huge, I never got to go and I'm not used to drinking so much, it's really quite urgent".

She was clearly frantic now, and Anna was not helping!

"Well good, I hope it hurts" she said, "I've never been so embarrassed, I hope you piss yourself!". Tim took over now,

"We'll be home in 20 minutes Mrs C, just cross your legs, there's no more services now anyway, you'll be OK".

She groaned out loud

"I'm not OK now" she said, "Oh God, Pete, you said we could stop at the services, SHIT, OK, just please, PLEASE hurry, I really don't think I can hang on another 20 minutes!"

With 3 of us crammed into the back seat, I was sitting very close to my mum, and I could feel that she was constantly squirming now. Anna was very drunk, and from past experience I knew that when she got like that she would say exactly what she thought. She had clearly been embarrassed, probably because Chris had watched her peeing. Chris was our singleton mate, and it was a standing joke that he was a bit of a perv, the way she had been talking, Anna had clearly been desperate, and maybe even started to wet herself waiting for us, and she was mortified. I knew though, mum had been complaining of being bursting before the gig started, and that was well over 2 and a half hours ago. The next 5 minutes must've passed like an eternity for her, as she almost shouted out.

"Are we nearly there Tim?".

She was like a bursting little girl on a long road trip, and now had her hand constantly between her legs.

"Not far Mrs C" he replied chirpily, clearly oblivious to the urgent show he was missing behind him. "We'll have you home in about 15 minutes".

"WE NEED TO STOP" she gasped, "NOW"

"I told you, there are no rest stops out here" replied Tim, as Anna turned around and saw my mum in a state of pure desperation.

"Please" gasped my mum, "pull over here, I don't care"

"I can't stop on the motorway" said Tim, now sounding a little more concerned, as Anna added

"Now you know how you made me feel, you ready to drop your knickers in public yet?"

"YES!!!" gasped mum, "Oh yes, please, anywhere, ohhhhhh" she collapsed into a long guttural groan !

"I put my arm round her, "you'll be OK mum" I reassured, "you can always wait longer than you think".

"I can't" she gasped again with tears welling in her eyes, "I can't, I have to go, please, please, just pull over, please, now"

I could feel her physically shaking as she fought to hold on, both her hands were between her legs as she bounced her bum up and down on the chair.

"Fuck" said Chris, "I think it really is an emergency mate, you better stop".

"I can't just stop on the motorway" replied Tim, "the exit is in 5 miles, just another couple of minutes and I'll pull over."

We continued down the the highway relentlessly, as mum whimpered in agony. 30 seconds passed and she cried out again.

"Tim, you have to stop".

To my astonishment, she started to undo her belt, We passed a sign, the next exit was 1 mile.

"Just another mile Mrs C, hang on". She burst into tears.

"I'm going to piss myself" she screamed, "Please, oh please, it's coming out, please stop, don't make me wee in my knickers".

Tears flowed down her face as she tore open her jeans and thrust her hand down the front of her knickers. In her frantic struggle her panty clad ass was almost on my lap now, as she tried to press her fingers into her aching pussy. She was wearing typical granny knickers, full back, white with faded pink flowers on them. There weren't dress to impress panties they were her comfy knickers she had owned for over 10 years! More than that though, there was a very visible wet patch on them!

"Shit mate, she's not kidding" I said,

"I'll pull over on the slip road" said Mike, "Just hold on 2 more minutes"

She was pulling at her jeans now though as she started to edge them down.

"It's coming" she cried, "I can't wait any more, I've gotta go right now, I can't stop it"

"Hang on" said Tim, "Just 30 more seconds", the slip road was in sight, and Tim was accelerating at it hard.

"I CAN'T" She wailed as she started to yank down her jeans.

"Mum, what the hell are you doing..." I said.

"PISSING" she replied, without hesitation, "I am pissing myself in a car full of fucking teenagers, please, oh holy fuck, please pull over right this second, Tim, PLEASE"

Her jeans were now halfway down her thighs as she thrust both of her hands hard into her almost see through, clearly wet, knickers.

"PLEASE STOP NOW"

Suddenly a clear wet spot appeared on her knickers as she almost screamed,

"It's over, I'm sorry"

She was almost stood up in the back, fighting to try and press her hands harder into her pussy, in her desperate struggle, her ass was above my left knee, as drops started to drip from between her fingers.

"FUCK" she stammered as she started to pull down her knickers with her right hand, whilst fighting to control herself with her left. Tim jerked off the motorway, as she yanked down her knickers and immediately lost a huge blast of piss. She was almost foaming at the mouth and couldn't speak properly.

"What the fuck mum" I gasped, "what are you doing?!"

"Fucking hell" said Chris, sat next to me, his eyes almost on stalks, staring at my mums now bare ass, and starting to pull out his phone, "I gotta get a pic of this".

"Please, wee, now, stop, Oh, fuck, fuck It's coming, I'm weeing, sorry, of fuck, oh no, please stop, oh god, shit, no, not here, I couldn't wait, fuck"

She was shaking as more and more frantic spurts blasted from their feminine prison, she was out of control, as piss dribbled through her fingers, she was trying so hard to control it, but it was going everywhere!

Tim finally stopped, as Chris was now openly filming my mums desperate show, with a visible bulge in his pants. She let go of herself and pushed the door open, lunging for it as her floodgates fully gave way and a jet of piss shot across the back seat. She threw herself out of the door onto the hard shoulder of the slip road, with pee cascading down her legs, dropping immediately into a squat, and relaxing.

"Oh Fuck YES" she gasped as piss blasted from between her legs, "Ahhhhhhhhhhh, Oh Christ I needed this, oh my god, oh my god, fuck, oh don't look" she added, tears flowed down her face as the most unbelievable blast of piss arced from her hairy pussy. She made no attempt to cover herself as her legs shook and she savoured her desperately needed relief. Her moans were almost orgasmic.

"OH fuck, that feels good, Jesus, I never thought I was gonna be able to do this, Oh god, I'm sorry, ahhhhhh thankyou, fuck, wow."

Her stream blasted on and on and on. No wonder she'd been making such a fuss, she had an incredible amount of pee in her. It was a full 45 seconds before her stream slowly dwindled to a trickle and she regained her composure. She opened her eyes to see 4 teenagers staring at her open mouthed, and a busy motorway slip road whizzing past.

She quickly tried to cover herself, pulling up her knickers before realising they were absolutely soaked, and completely transparent, doing nothing to hide her dark bush.

"Erm, I'm sorry about that" she stammered, as she tried to pull up her wet jeans, its just, erm, well, I had needed to go for so long, I said it was an emergency and you wouldn't stop."

"Now you know how you made me feel" said Anna, slyly, without showing a single ounce of compassion.

Mum was clearly soaked, as she got back into the car, which also showed a clear wet patch where she was sitting. There were splashes of her wee everywhere, on the seats, the windows, me and Chris. Everything was wet!

"I'm so sorry Tim, I'll pay for you to get the car valeted, I said I needed you to stop, oh, I'm so embarrassed, I have never needed to go as badly as that, I thought my bladder was going to burst"

The drive home was incident free, and easy going, it was a drive of awkward silence, and only about 10 minutes from my mum's humiliation, to getting her home. When we pulled up, Chris said something like,

"Thanks for the show, it's been great",

Whilst Tim, who was clearly also embarrassed at not stopping and seeing his best mates mum lose full control added

"At least you don't have to dash to the loo now do you Mrs C".

Mum was beet red in the face, and I was still shocked and could not quite believe what I had just seen. My mum sheepishly opened the door and said

"I'm so sorry again, I'll pay for this, please send me the bill".

We got out and my friends drove off and I stood there with my mum, outside our house, in the middle of the street, her tight jeans soaked with her urine.

"Mum, what the hell just happened".

She seemed so embarrassed and looked me in the eye, and said

"I told you I was bursting and I needed to wait for the fucking portapotties, please, never talk of this again" and to this day, we never have!

*002*2022-04-19 10:54

Thankyou for those kind words Flush, always means more when it comes from a writer as accomplished as you. Glad you enjoyed it.

*004*2022-04-19 11:04

{{3 minutes ago, nappypants said:

Guess it’s set slightly in the past, as otherwise given she’s only 40 now she would have been very young when seeing Fleetwood Mac in the ‘80s…

}}

That's a very fair point, I hadn't even thought about that. You are correct, we'll say she saw Fleetwood Mac was in the very late 80s, and this story is set maybe 10/15 years ago.

*006*2022-04-19 11:33

{{23 minutes ago, nappypants said:

Ed Sheeran’s first album came out about 10 years ago I think. I know, historical accuracy isn’t necessarily a must in these stories!

}}

Haha, it is posted in the fiction section for a reason. We'll say she saw Fleetwood Mac in 1989, aged 19, Ed Sheeran's first album was 2006, so if she turned 40 in 2010, then its not inconceivable that Ed was selling out outdoor concerts 4 years into his pop career. You are right though, I don't think those details are crucial in what is, essentially, a story about desperation.

*008*2022-04-19 18:03

Haha, I'm glad you enjoyed the desperation and the pee element anyway. I will put more research into my dates if I write any similar stories in the future.

$

*011*2022-04-20 22:45

Thanks for your comments Apan, I am always open to constructive feedback. I too, have a number of saved stories and experiences, and many that I have partially rewritten, for my own personal use. I have already posted a rewritten version of a Nicola Steele story, that was already one of my favourites, so my choosing to rework certainly isn't slight on the original material. In fact, it is quite the opposite. Usually the ones I rework are the ones I revisit the most often, and allow my mind to wander to different situations or endings.

My love is desperation, and usually, my rewriting is intended to ramp that up and to add in more detail. I have loads that are started, some that I have reworked in two or three different ways. Many don't get finished, I just decided to post a couple that were, because, I felt, if I enjoyed it, then others would too, and that certainly seems to be the case. My personal preference is JUST made it endings, whether that is in a toilet, or an emergency squat.

Personally, and to my taste, I wasn't a fan of the original ending. I felt it was more realistic that in that moment of absolute desperation, and starting to lose control, a desperate woman would make a scene and plead for a stop, rather than simply sitting and quietly wetting herself next to her son. I guess that is down to personal preference, and if you are a wetting fan, then you will prefer the original ending. I posted it in the fiction section for exactly that reason, my reworked story, at least, is exactly a work of fiction.

Please do feel free to DM me, I always love chatting to desperation lovers and am happy to discuss future story ideas, as well as comparing notes on favourite stories on here.

*015*2022-04-21 11:50

Thanks everyone, I'm glad I'm not alone. As I say, I rewrote it to the way I liked it, and thought, if I enjoy it, there will be others out there that enjoy it too. I'm all about the desperation, and wetting isn't really my thing at all. (Although, if you enjoy desperation as much as I do then, hey, accidents are gonna happen!). I fully accept that for many people, the wetting is the ultimate finale, and for others, it isn't and that is OK.


