Omovember 2021: Day 5

Author: PPP

*000*2021-11-09 02:41

$$

Like I said earlier, I'm not doing all the prompts this time. This is my fourth foray into the waters of Black Lagoon. What can I say, Revy's both intriguing and great for omorashi. It follows this story:

%https://www.omorashi.org/topic/70890-black-lagoon-golden-rain/

And the tl-dr version is that she and Rock have (finally) upgraded to friends with benefits (and maybe more). I meant to post this yesterday, but it ended up being longer than I had anticipated. Enjoy!

###

Day 5: Holding/peeing contest Rock+Revy (Black Lagoon)

###

The Black Lagoon rocked gently under the full moon, which illuminated the ocean beneath it. The torpedo boat and its pirate crew had been hired to deliver a shipment of drugs to a Hong Kong syndicate. It was a long voyage, and the boat had stopped for the night by a small island off the coast of Vietnam. Company was unlikely, but two crew members were keeping watch just in case.

Revy lit another cigarette and groaned. “Goddamn, this is boring. What’s the point?”

“I’d have to agree with you,” said Rock from beside her. “I understand that Dutch doesn’t want to lose the cargo, but he’s being paranoid. The odds of anyone showing up are miniscule.”

“You said it,” Revy agreed. “Speaking of, when’s it time for him and Benny to take over?”

“Three more hours,” said Rock grimly, checking his watch.

Revy blew a ring of smoke with a heavy sigh. “Jesus. Isn’t there anything we can do to speed things up?”

“We could… count stars?” Rock suggested lamely.

“Rock, I’m going to give you the benefit of the doubt,” said Revy, “and assume you’re fucking with me.” Rock was silent in reply. He simply lit a cigarette for himself and the pair stood at the railing, twin spires of smoke rising.

It was several minutes before either spoke again.

“The moon’s beautiful tonight,” Rock observed.

“That’s it,” growled Revy. She dropped what was left of her cigarette and stomped on it. “We have got to find something to do before I fucking lose it!”

“Any suggestions?” Rock asked.

Really putting me on the spot here, Revy mused. “We could… skip stones?”

“Or we could do some shooting practice,” Rock added.

Not a bad idea, thought Revy. She was about to say so when she got a better idea.

“Or I could give you a blowjob,” she whispered with a wicked grin.

“W-what?” Rock sputtered as Revy burst out laughing. The relationship between the two of them had gotten sexual only recently, and she was pleased to see she could still get a rise out of him.

“Oh, I get it,” said Rock, recognizing her teasing. “Very funny.”

“No, I mean it,” said Revy, trying to put on a straight face. “Go ahead and whip it out, baby.”

“Mm-hm,” muttered Rock, clearly unconvinced. “Well, I’m glad I could amuse you, if only for a moment.”

“Well, what else is there?” Revy pointed out. “I’m down to my last cig, we finished our beer almost an hour ago, and my feet are killing me. We’ve been standing here too long.”

She stretched her arms and took stock of her condition. Her joints were sore, her back was stiff, and she could feel the beer working its way through her to fill up her bladder.

Gonna have to piss soon, Revy thought. I’ll need to ask for a break and- wait a minute. Inspiration struck her. This’ll be fun.

Wearing the same devilish smile as earlier, Revy sauntered up to Rock.

“We’ve been out here a while, haven’t we?” she asked casually. “With no breaks.”

“You know that as well as I do,” he replied. “Why are you asking?”

“Oh, no reason,” said Revy in a tone of mock innocence. “‘Cept I really need to take a leak.” Her need wasn’t terrible yet, but she crossed her legs for emphasis. That got Rock’s attention; she could see him blush even in the darkness. Revy wasn’t surprised; whether by accident or design, several of their sexual encounters had involved urine.

“Well, you can go below decks,” Rock suggested. “There’s a toilet down there.”

“No way,” said Revy. “I don’t want to wake the others.” She shrugged. “I guess I’ll have to do it right here.”

“Are you joking again?” asked Rock.

“Nope,” Revy replied, unbuttoning her shorts. “I gotta piss, and I’m guessing you do too by this point.”

“I mean, yes,” said Rock, “but I-”

“How about a little contest?”

“Wait, what do you mean?” Rock asked.

“What do you think, dumbass?” Revy teased, letting her shorts drop to her ankle. “You and I are gonna have a pissing contest. See who can make it fly the farthest.”

“Hold on,” said Rock, skeptical. “You want to have a pissing contest? You are aware of your inherent disadvantage, right?”

“I’ve been practicing,” Revy said with a shrug. “So whaddya say? Up for a little fun?”

“What the hell,” he sighed. “Beats just standing around.”

The two contestants stood side-by-side at the edge of the boat, protected by a knee-high rail.

“Ready?” Revy asked. She lowered her panties and heard Rock unzip his fly. She sneaked a peek before continuing.

“Get set! Piss!” Revy cried, thrusting out her hips. She felt the warm liquid snaking through her before spraying out in a messy arc. The golden stream hit the water with a loud splash, a sound that was echoed by Rock from beside her. Peeing steadily, she looked over to see that he was getting much better distance than she was. Revy thrust her hips further, sending droplets of pee flying, but it still wasn’t enough to match Rock.

Goddammit! Revy thought. She could tell her bladder would be empty soon. I didn’t practice pissing like a man for nothing! Time to play dirty.

Revy turned, reached down, and rubbed Rock’s exposed penis. The effect was immediate; he immediately grew stiff, causing his pee stream to shoot straight up before landing a mere few inches from the boat. With her competition sabotaged, Revy refocused her attention. Her bladder was running dry; she needed to act quickly. Clenching, Revy was able to squeeze out one last drop of urine. With a violent pelvic thrust, she sent the golden droplet sailing through the air. It hit the water almost silently, clearer farther from the boat than Rock had managed.

For a moment, the half-dressed pair stood in silence. Then-

“Fuck yeah! I won!” cried Revy, raising a fist in triumph.

“Hey, you cheated!” Rock protested.

“Come on Rock, baby,” Revy laughed, “you should have expected that. I never play fair. Besides, that was fun, right?”

“I guess,” Rock admitted. He glanced at his watch. “But we still have two and a half more hours to fill. Got any more ideas?”

“Oh,” said Revy, eyeing his still-erect penis, “I’m sure I can think of something.”

###

Next up: Interrupted while going/about to go

