No Virginia, There are NO REST STOPS

Author: Peter Pants

*000*2017-01-03 06:17

A bit of a bonus. This is a short story, article, whatever. It is complete.

I came up with the idea based on the actual fact that several years ago due to severe budget cuts the state of Virginia actually closed most of it's interstate rest stops. This made quite a bit of news back then, The rest stops have since reopened, but it led me to this interesting bit of fictional 'what if'. Written as a news article in the style of 'The Onion' and other satirical news sites:

No Virginia, There are No Rest Stops

Virginia- Something new is popping up in vending machines around the Commonwealth. As previously reported recent budget cuts have forced the closure of the majority of the state’s rest stops. Now, at the stops that remain open a new type of machine is appearing beside those offering sodas and snacks. These machines offer something new, diapers.

Vendors, who would prefer we call them “absorbent undergarments” or “protective underwear”, have made a wide variety of sizes and styles available. No matter what people call them vendors are hoping that travelers will take advantage of their products rather than suffer the distance between the few remaining stops.

On Interstate 81 the rest stop and visitor center located at mile marker 1 is one of the busiest and most visited. With the closures in effect the next available stop is 376 miles away at Virginia’s northern border. This past weekend saw increased traffic due to holiday travel.

Like most of the other remaining stops this rest stop is outfitted with two diaper vending machines as well as revamped restrooms with private changing areas. Parents could be seen lined up with crimson faced children and teens waiting to make their purchase. While some children could be heard loudly complaining that they didn’t need diapers, being well past the age of toilet training, others stood silently avoiding eye contact, resigned to their fate.

Older teens and adults could also be seen making personal selections and quietly slipping into the changing areas.

“While this isn’t my first choice, it’s certainly better than the alternative” Madison P, a college freshman returning to school reluctantly admitted, “I tried to make the drive home without one and let’s just say the results were less than favorable”

Madison selected some discreet pull on absorbent underpants and headed towards the bathroom.

Understandably many people at the rest stop were reluctant to talk to a reporter. A few however didn’t mind sharing their opinion.

“I think it’s a shame that law makers felt the need to close all the rest stops” complained Mellissa R. of Lexington, “I mean they certainly could have found other places to cut the budget. This is a major inconvenience to travelers and especially families”

With four children ages 8-14 Melissa spent over $10 on diapers for herself and the kids. She was able to purchase the less expensive pull ups for the younger children. But she had to purchase the larger, more absorbent (and expensive tape) on briefs for herself and her eldest daughter Rachel.

When asked how she felt about having to wear a diaper again Rachel replied “A first I was embarrassed, I mean what if one of my friends found out? Then mom reminded me that any of my friends traveling this weekend are probably in the same situation.”

“Still I wish this wasn’t necessary” Melissa pointed out “With the money I have spent here we could have used for gas or food”

Other visitors to the rest stop avoided the inflated prices by bringing their own supplies. Jenny (who spoke to us on the condition we didn’t use her real name), 18, was also headed back to college. Bypassing the vending area she headed straight for the changing area.

“I, have a few night time issues” Jenny hesitantly confessed “So I just brought my own stuff, it’s what I’m used to at least.”

Across the interstate travelers exiting the state were also making a pit stop. Though the rest stop was similarly equipped with vending machines those were not nearly as busy. Instead people could be seen making a quick rush for the restroom, presumably in an effort to save some dignity, while others shuffled slowly towards the changing areas.

“It’s not as bad as I thought it would be” Mike L of Huntington, WV commented “I wouldn’t normally choose to wear these but they certainly made the trip more convenient”

Indeed, time and convenience seemed to be an unintentional side effect of the new development.

“We’ve never made this leg of the journey so quickly” said George M of Harrisburg, PA “We normally make two or three stops on this part of the trip alone. I’m thinking we might use them for the whole trip.”

George’s wife and four kids didn’t seem to agree.

At least a few people tried to beat the system and forgo the diapers altogether. While a few were successful, others were not so lucky.

While we were there a minivan pulled into the rest area. The Henderson family was traveling from Syracuse, NY to visit family in Georgia. They had made the stop upon entering the state Karen, mother of five, explained. They had all made use of the restroom and changed into either diapers or pull ups. Her eldest daughter Katee, 16, had not only refused to wear any protection but also failed to make use of the facilities. “She said she wasn’t a child, that she didn’t need to go and she certainly wasn’t wearing a diaper.” Karen explained “We tried to tell her we were all using them, even her father and me. But she’d have none of it. Well, we’ve always been a fan of natural consequences and Katee certainly has had hers.”

An obviously embarrassed young lady emerged from the van, her light blue jeans soaked to the knees.

“She made it all the way to Wytheville, she begged us to stop but there was simply nowhere available” said Karen “I feel bad for her, I really do. But she made her choice.”

As Katee headed to the changing area with fresh clothes her mom headed towards the vending machines. “She refused to wear one earlier” Karen explained “But now she’ll be wearing one for the rest of the trip.”

So why not simply stop at McDonalds or a gas station? Wae checked with some local merchants for the answer.

“I feel bad for them I really do” replied Bob W owner of a local Shell station.

“But the first weekend after they closed the rest stops, the lines formed so bad that our regular customers couldn’t get in”

The next week Bob posted a “rest rooms for customers only” sign.

Similar signs have gone up at other establishments. Some have even closed their rest rooms to the public all together.

“I hated to do it” Said Marie of ‘Maire’s Gifts and More’ “But we simply weren’t equipped to handle the volume of traffic. Toilet paper, soap, paper towels they all cost money. Why do you think the state was so eager to close the stops?”

Marie like most others we spoke to hopes that law makers will find a way to reopen the rest areas soon. Everyone that is except perhaps the diaper manufacturers.

