Friendship between a man and a woman or They knock out a wedge with a wedge

Author: peeacsfan

*000*2024-05-15 16:47

There is an opinion that there is no friendship between a man and Woman. It is quite possible that this is so, and examples of such friendship are just an exception to the general rule...

We met Olesya in winter. I was standing in subway car, and she was sitting opposite me. I paid attention to a book that she read Schopenhauer's "Aphorisms of Worldly Wisdom". Then, when we We drove up to the station, she put away the book into my purse, took my phone out of it, and began to type SMS. I stole a glance at ney. She did not return to Schopenhauer, and did not put the phone away. At the next station, when communication was restored for a short time, she read the answer (her face took on a satisfied look) She put her phone in her purse and crossed her legs. And I thought to myself that if we get off at one station, then, perhaps, I will need to get acquainted with it.

Station. Another. In my mind, I was ready to say goodbye to the stranger. But then I I saw how she also got up and went out after her. Without losing sight of her, I went out from the metro. The girl was walking to the bus stop. I was just a stone's throw from home, but I decided Wait and go up to her to get acquainted. I told her that it was the first time I see a person with such a book in the subway, especially a young pretty girl. She is She smiled back, introduced herself, we chatted for a couple of minutes. It turned out that she I was going home, but on the way I decided to drop by a friend's. Then She asked where I was going, whether I was married, with whom I lived. I replied that I was not married and I live alone. The girl froze for a few seconds, thinking about something, and then Asked:

- How about you Do you live somewhere nearby?

"That's for that house," I waved aside.

- And the plans Do you have any for the evening?

- No The situation was taking a funny turn. Usually such questions are asked girls, and here we seem to have switched roles.

- Then I have a request for you..." - continued to lead me to some thought of her own She is.

- Which?

- In general... - Olesya hesitated a little, - I froze and I really want to go to the toilet, and if you invite me to your place for a while... I'll be for you I am very grateful.

- No Problems. Let's go, of course, especially if this is the case.

- About! Thank you! Sorry for being so intrusive and head-on, just... I won't be there for long," the girl justified herself.

Through For ten minutes we were already sitting at my place. Olesya called her friend and said that She solved the problem, and she will not come today. We chatted with her for about an hour, after which I walked her to the subway, and she made it home safely.

@@From that day on, We began to call each other from time to time. We have developed friendly relations. Olesya and I could chat for hours about literally everything: oh music, politics, cinema, literature, philosophy, psychology, and, of course, relations between a man and a woman. With male friends, usually everything It was reduced to two topics - money and women. The philosophy of the same Schopenhauer somehow did not come up in the dialogues. In fact, no one knew about him. And Olesya and I could discuss for a long time, for example, the chapter "The Metaphysics of Sexual love", in which the philosopher argued that Love between a man and a woman is just an illusion, but in fact nature invented sexual love only for procreation, and as soon as a specific A man with a particular woman will give birth to a new person, in the future They will be disappointed in the relationship, and nature itself is no longer interested in them. I can imagine the bewildered expressions on the faces of my friends, if only on friendly gatherings, I would suggest the following postulate for discussion... And with Olesya – You are welcome. Any topics, any discussions without boundaries. What is Schopenhauer! Take even such a topic as sex. With male friends, it all came down to how someone "filmed and fucked whom", and with Olesya we could talk about sensual about the sensations – in general, she talked about things that girls rarely talk about when they share with men. But conversations are talks, and even in thoughts to pass We did not have a line of friendship. It was interesting to communicate as friends. At We had the same musical tastes, and I must say many of our favorite ones performers are not popular with the general public. That is why, when SeasickSteve visited the city, she and I went to a concert together. And many events where I had never been able to drag a single buddy before male, we walked together with Olesya. And even in one underground club, where There were free screenings of old films in the style of art house, the two of us appeared, and, I must say, they stood out very much against the background of the informals who gathered there.

Visiting together with Olesya various events, I noticed two features in her: she never drank alcohol and never went to the toilet in public Places. The second fact, to tell the truth, surprised me a little. Some events lasted more than one hour, and during all this time Olesya has never was absent. A sinful thing I once thought that maybe she was me Shy. I've come across such rare specimens of girls before, who will die, but will not confess to such a delicate problem... Is it possible that Olesya belonged to this category, did I ask myself a question at such moments? My The hypothesis was not confirmed. So, for example, once after a concert, which for technical reasons dragged on for an hour and a half, Olesya and I went to the stop.

"You're very Are you in a hurry to get home? She asked me.

- No- I answered, "And what?"

- I An acquaintance lives nearby, maybe we can visit her for a while?

"Is she waiting for us?" I was surprised.

- Right away I'll find out," she said, dialing the number on her cell phone, "Masha, hello! - She replied to her friend, - my friend and I are not far from here, I can come to you for five minutes?.. You don't know him... Not one?.. Listen, Mash, this is the case... I really want to go to the toilet, I'm just dying, let me in alone for a minute, okay?.. Thank you.

- Everything in Order? I asked.

- Yes. Everything is fine. I'll run in for a minute, otherwise I definitely won't take you home, - either she was joking, or Olesya said seriously.

- Why didn't you go to the club? I asked.

- There are queues. And besides... I don't go to clubs, she answered.

When we We approached her friend's house, she asked me to wait outside.

- I'm on I'll literally run away for a minute and come back, okay? She said before left me alone.

In a couple of minutes we continued our way.

@@Later month, we went to see the film "Barfly", shot according to the script of Charles Bukowski. The main role was brilliantly played by Mickey Rourke. The club took place Minor changes: screenings were still free, but it was necessary make a mandatory order in the opened bar for a certain amount. We are We ordered a large kettle of strawberry tea with cream. The tea was delicious, and in while watching I was forced to watch twice to leave, because Olesya drank it slowly, and the main dose had to be have a drink for me. However, my friend never got up from her Places. And at the end of the film, when we were leaving the cinema hall, and I cautiously I asked if she needed to go to the path, she only replied "I'll go home." Near the toilets there was a It is a queue of informals, and I myself, on the one hand, out of solidarity, on the other hand, in order to not to detain Olesya, went out with her into the street, although in truth, I wanted to go myself after tea. Since it was already evening, I had to to accompany Olesya home, so after my station I had to go two more. It was damn unbearable and hellishly hard...

- Listen, Do you even have dry toilets at the station? - I asked Olesya.

- I don't know To be honest," she answered.

- Strawberry tea was very tasty, but after it I really want to go to the toilet, - I admitted.

- Devil! How I understand you! That's all I've been thinking about for the last ten minutes! -Admitted She is. - It's okay, it's time to get out. Let's break through!

"You're like I'm always optimistic," I joked.

- Yes. I am so. You know me

We've come out of subway and quickly walked to her house.

- Olesya, I'm sorry, but I can't do it anymore," I admitted. looking around where to stand so that you can solve your Problem.

"It's two steps to my house. Let's run, otherwise If you do it now, I won't be able to resist myself..." - she got nervous, - let's run rather!

I obeyed and ran with her. We looked like two athletes from the outside athletics during training.

- You have Is there anyone at home? I asked, panting from running.

- Sister with Husband.

"With your husband?"

"You don't Worry. You're with me. Only one condition...

- What?

- I'm the first!

- Only If you don't stay there, okay?

- I 'll!

In the halway We were met by a young man.

Olesya introduced my sister's husband to me.

- Cigarettes Did you forget to buy it for me? - he asked Olesya.

- Yura, not It was before cigarettes! I want to go to the toilet! I barely made it home! - quickly taking off your shoes, Olesya said in a tongue twister and disappeared behind the bathroom door.

- Come to the kitchen," Yura invited me, "will you have beer?"

- No- I replied sharply, sitting down slowly on a chair, feeling pressure and pain in my groin.

- Why so? Not a drinker? - he did not calm down.

- When How," I replied evasively, at the same time listening to see if I was still free toilet.

"But the there was one guy at work, who also did not drink... - Yura started some story, but I did not listen to what happened to this man, because my thoughts were only spinning about how to relieve myself as soon as possible.

Finally the door opened, happy Olesya went out, and I went to "find my happiness".

In the evening we We called and chatted almost until the morning. We also focused the conversation on now it seemed to us an amusing curiosity that happened that evening, when we After the movie, we got home.

- Next time we order Strawberry tea, I'll have to order another diaper," I remarked.

- Ha haha. Good solution!

"Well, what if seriously, Olesya, - I decided to clarify this question for myself, - I've been doing it for a long time I'm curious to know something from you.

- A what namely? Ask? - she continued to have fun.

- Well, we already We have been friends with you for a long time, we know each other well, and I have been watching you for a long time, Perhaps a tactless question arises for me...

- You me, intriguing. Ask.

- I noticed that you never go to the toilet in public places.

- And?.. In What is your question?

- Well It's kind of strange. Let's take today. You endured all the way home, but I didn't go to the club. Why?

- Hmm... Well, there is such a thing...

"If you don't want to, don't answer, of course," I said.

In the tube There was confusion. I did not dare to break the silence.

"Alo, you here? Olesya asked.

- Yes.

- Well, in In general, I just think that it is unhygienic to go to the toilet in public places. So I try not to go.

- Well, what if there is no other way out?

- Exit always is.

- Well, different situations in life can happen...

- Always You can be patient. In any case, I It succeeds.

- For the time being until the time comes.

- Not worry about me. I'm a tough nut to crack.

Then in In my life, I had a period when a lot of things suddenly piled up. And Olesya also. We called once a week, but often the duration of our conversations had to be reduced.

Once upon a time I had to give up all the temptations of a weekend evening for the sake of completing one Project. I was already pretty tired, leaned back in my chair, as if on a cell phone the phone heard the melody "Friends will be friends" by Queen, and it meant that Olesya was calling.

- Hello! Didn't distract you? What are you doing? -Asked It seemed to me that she told me in a drunken voice.

- Yes, I'm sitting here finishing a project alone, and how are you?

"So you At home? One? - Olesya asked me again, As if I ignored 80% of what I said.

- One. You will drunk or does it seem to me?

- Yes! We are Here with a friend, we got off at your station, went to her, but it looks like we didn't get there.

Behind There was laughter, apparently from a friend. Olesya said something to her in response, and The two of them laughed.

- And?.. What are your plans for the future? I asked, waiting for her to hear me.

- Hello, you Can you hear me? Olesya asked.

- It's cool Hear!

- Sorry Seryozha, we just celebrated a birthday at a friend's house, I'm drunk and terribly want to toilet. Can I drop in on you?

- Well, you're You know that my doors are always open to suffering friends.

- Thank you You, you are a true friend. We're coming to you.

Eight minutes later, the intercom rang. I clicked button and opened the door to the apartment. Soon I heard girls' voices, which intensified with every second. The doors opened, Olesya appeared on the threshold with Friend. The corridor was instantly filled with the pleasant aroma of women's perfume and light alcohol.

- Hello Seryozha! It's Dasha! - Olesya introduced her friend to me, and explained, - The one I was going to when we were with you Met.

- And! I got it - I said, mentally replaying the scene of our acquaintance with her.

- Listen, in I want a toilet, but I can't! I thought I would burst! - she admitted and ran to the cherished Room.

I invited Dasha into the room. She was a pretty sweet, talkative chatterbox. For those two or three minutes of Olesya's absence, she managed to tell about her friend's birthday, about the what they ate and drank there, about how they first got ready to spend the night at Olesya's, on the way, we changed our minds, and decided to go to her, because Olesya wanted to go to the toilet, and then, when they got off at the station, Olesya said that she would not endure Dasha, and called me.

- Well, here it is We're here! She concluded.

Through Olesya joined us for a minute.

- Dasha is already I suppose she loaded you? - She asked, entering our room.

- I told Seryozha about how you almost peed on the way," she answered for my name is Dasha.

"Don't be afraid!" This will not happen to me! - confidently, as usual, Olesya answered.

I suggested continue the party, and took a bottle of martini out of the locker. Then I put three glasses on the table, pulled ice out of the freezer, threw three pieces into each goblet.

"Well, For meeting and for getting to know each other! I said.

- And Olesya gets into such adventures for life! - Dasha continued the topic, and as a The evidence told a couple of other such episodes from her life.

- Well, okay, - Olesya waved off, - anything can happen.

- Olesya, well Only with you it happens all the time. This is not a joke. I'm telling you, go to consultation, get rid of your phobia.

- So, girls, maybe you will dedicate me? Olesya and I have been friends for a long time, And, in general, I am ready to help if I can. At least to listen.

Olesya with Dasha looked at each other, then Olesya nodded approvingly and Dasha continued:

- Yes shorter! Lesya has such a phobia, or some kind of corral... She can't go to toilet in public and public Places!

- Well, it's me I've noticed it a long time ago," I said, "We once talked about this topic.

"And what is she Said?

- Says which is unhygienic.

- So there is," Olesya confirmed.

- How about you Do you know, Olesya, that girls can't stand it? - Dasha objected to her, - I have already I said it a hundred times. And then, - A friend turned to me, - She drives you away. Well, or rather, he does not finish. Olesya, tell me, what are you really afraid of?

- Well, okay, let's have a drink, and I'll tell you, - Olesya said.

We raised glasses, drained them to the bottom, and Olesya admitted:

- When I And my friend was fourteen years old, there was such a case that we were walking home and she I wanted to go to the toilet. She went into the woods, and then ran out of there screaming, on the move pulling on his pants. It turned out that some maniac was sitting there, peeping and patting her ass. We then ran from this place in terror to the very house. Then there was another case when at the graduation In the evening, two girls went into the bushes, and some maniac photographed them. I I was just shocked! And when I told my sister, she found this on the Internet!! … There is a website where photos and videos are posted, where it is filmed how girls go to toilet. It shocked me so much. And then I also found out that, it turns out, many establishments have video cameras installed in the toilets, and somewhere there is a security guard and sees everything. Therefore, now, even if I really feel like it, I try to endure until home, because, as soon as I imagine that you go into the bushes, a maniac will rape you, public toilet – recorded and posted on the Internet, or in some club The guard will see...

- Olesya, I I understand you perfectly, - Dasha answered, - well, really, something needs to be done about it, Here, Seryozha, what do you think?

- Of course, this is not the case," I agreed.

- So Of course! She constantly, like the heroine of the invisible front, endures to the house, to the She is afraid to travel trains, she cannot be taken to another city, and she walks only on those places where there are friends and relatives who will always let you in. In general, Olesya. I'm enrolling you in one good psychologist, and without any any! It's not a matter how you feel Taking.

- Okay persuaded, I agree, and now let's have a drink and talk about something funny, - Olesya ended this conversation, and we began to talk about other topics.

More time passed a few months since. Summer was approaching. We were still friends with Olesya, Communicated. One day she called me and asked when I had a vacation. When I learned that it was in July, I was happy.

- I have two tickets to a one-day trip to the city of "V.....". There will be a tour, walks along the city, a boat trip. All my life I dreamed of riding a boat! In general If you don't mind, I'm inviting you!

- Of course I don't mind, only... And how to get there?

- On Train!

- Aren't you afraid to go to train, and the whole day? I asked cautiously, remembering that The conversation is at my home.

- Not anymore, - said Olesya, - Dashin's psychologist worked with me, well, in In general, I realized that my phobia interferes with my life, shackles me, limits me.

"So he Delivered you from it?

"Well... not At all... almost. In general, the fact that I decided to go is progress for me.

And in In July, Olesya and I went on a trip. In this city we knew no one, and Nobody knew us. The morning began with an excursion to the museum. For an hour and a half we walked along the halls, listened to the guide, looked at the exhibits. At the end of the tour a free time was announced, and at three o'clock they were waiting for us on the pier - Olesya's childhood dream of riding a boat was supposed to come true today. We are We walked around the city, then had a snack in a café. It was quite stuffy outside. Cold lingonberry juice was very useful. However, I noticed that my girlfriend I ignored the offer to go to the toilet on the path.

- Thank you for your care, But I really don't want to! She assured me.

Before the boat trip, there was another hour. We were standing at a bus stop.

- Ah, now, it seems, I want to, - she admitted.

"What do you mean?"

- To the toilet.

- I knew it! Badly, apparently, The psychologist worked," I said reproachfully.

"No, no. We have a boat through hour, and there I will go. It's all right," the girl replied cheerfully.

Drove bus. Olesya sat down by the window, and I sat next to her. She threw her legs over her legs as if Just like in the subway when I met her for the first time. Forty minutes later, we We drove up, got out and went to the pier. There was nothing like a toilet there. All The pier was strewn with people and was a wide, open area. Olesya nervously looked around and looked at her watch every minute.

- In fifteen minutes our landing, - sighing, she said.

However, it was soon announced that our boat is delayed and will arrive at the pier in fifteen minutes. Olesya is hard Sighed.

"Fifteen more Minutes. And I really want to go to the toilet," she said and crossed her legs.

"Will you endure?" I asked cautiously.

"And where to go?" – without optimism, she replied doomedly.

I looked around once more and I thought that it could not be that there were no toilets on the entire pier. Past Judging by the uniform, a port employee was passing by. I asked him if he had Toilets. He shrugged his shoulders and advised, if he had time, to go to some A beer pub is nearby.

Olesya does not have such a prospect inspired, and she chose to wait. The situation was heating up. There was no the slightest hiding place behind which she could hide. At that moment, I think she I myself would agree to such an option, discarding my principles. The promised Fifteen minutes, but the boat was still gone. Five minutes later it was announced that Landing is postponed for another fifteen minutes. When this information was announced, Olesya's face reflected a mixed range of feelings: anger, despair, bewilderment, panic and shyness.

- What should I do? I can hardly stand it anymore! I Soon I won't be able to stand it! - she complained to me about the situation.

- Olesa, let's go look for that pub! - I said.

- Seryozha. I don't want to go to the pub? - she panicked, now there will be a landing, - There I will go, and... Everything will be fine!

I could tell from her face that she wasn't sure at all in the last words. However, she steadfastly continued to stand cross-legged, and desperately trying to hide the panic that gripped her.

"That's not going to work," I said. –Go.

Olesya resisted for a minute, Then she spat and went with me. It's good that we were without things, light.

"Do you know exactly where this pub is?" –Asked Olesya.

"We'll find it now."

- Must Quick to find. I can't take it anymore. I'll pee now!

We walked quickly along the pier, got out to a crowded street, I asked a passer-by where the pub was. He pointed to the opposite side of the road.

- I'll pee myself now! Olesya said, when we were waiting for the green light. Some goat ignored the green light and almost knocked us down.

- Seryozha, let's run, or I'll I really can't stand it now! - begged me, Olesya.

We ran across the road, went into pub. It was a typical cheap bar, where Only men gathered and drank beer. They turned around and were surprised at this Visitors. Especially Olesya. Girls don't go to such pubs.

- Where is the women's toilet here?! – Olesya literally shouted in despair.

The men looked at each other mischievously.

"There's only one of them. For everyone. Women they don't come here," a bearded peasant began to answer.

Olesya no longer listened to him and I was heading towards the toilet. I could hardly keep up with her. The toilet was crowded Exactly the same men with huge bellies like barrels. They were surprised suddenly to the guest who appeared. There were three open stalls in the toilet, like in the old Soviet ones stations with a hole in the floor, and two urinals were built into the wall. Men, like on command, turned their heads in the direction of Olesya. She didn't really care anymore. She is With a sharp movement, I pulled off my shorts, sat down over the hole, and my inner morality only allowed me to see the rolled eyeballs before she I closed my eyes. I just managed to run up to it, not trying to look below, and to cover her from lustful male glances. She opened her eyes only after the way I pulled on my shorts, after which we flew out of the bar and never again did not appear.

On the boat we Late. However, Olesya admitted that even without a boat she feels at home in these minutes the happiest man on earth.

After that, chance, it must be said, she has ceased to endure until home, and is no longer afraid that her will be photographed.

- Hang on me, I'll go to the toilet, - a month after that incident, she said, when we were going home after auditioning the rock opera "Jesus Christ Superstar" theater.

- Well Finally, you are no longer afraid of public toilets. No wonder you need to see a psychologist I went to the appointment," I joked.

- Psychologist This one, to be honest, did not help me at all. Only he pulled money and drag He bred some of them. I was cured by that trip... And by the way, thank you again for That you saved me! You are a true friend and man! If it weren't for you, I would definitely I peed on that pier!

- Well, in general That pub was not the best option... I hope I managed to hide you from curious glances of beer lovers.

- I think in I am often remembered at that pub," she laughs, "it's better to have a moment of shame in men's toilet than wet shorts in front of the entire pier. But after that chance, I understand that it's better to have a public toilet than to pee somewhere in the Road.

@-Wedge They knock out with a wedge, - I answer her, and we laugh for a few more minutes.

