The Never Pee Land

Author: Pain

*009*2018-01-04 09:55

{{2 hours ago, Jackles12 said:

Story so epic. Erotic. Love all this men desperate to pee. Hope you can write more desperation soon,.

}}

Thank you so much, Jackles12

*013*2018-02-09 00:40

{{On 1/30/2018 at 5:36 PM, Jackles12 said:

I can't stop reading again and again this story. It's wonderful

}}

Thank you so much, my dear! It feels great to know that you enjoyed the story! Thank you for your kind words!

{{On 1/31/2018 at 10:50 PM, DerivativeWings said:

Honestly, I feel like this might be one of your best stories, ever, and I'm normally a big fan of your work. Obviously, it might appeal to fewer people on this site since it's all-male, but I really dig having a slew of well-written stories on this site appeal to different audiences rather than just the one.

Obviously, the hold times and liquid quantities used in this story are far from realistic, but I feel it adds a "larger-than-life" quality - like these are stories of gods or heroes of legend.

It's clear you put a lot of work into your writing, and I can always tell which stories are written by you just by reading them. It's great stuff.

Edit: Oh and while you should obviously write what you feel like writing, I would love to see you do a story involving both male and female desperation. I like the way different desperate individuals can interact and play off each other in a story (a great example from this one would be the Prince letting the desperate woman enter the privy at the party). Stories with extreme male+female desperation aren't exactly dime a dozen haha.

That said, I'll probably enjoy whatever you'd write.

}}

Thank you so much, DerivativeWings! Larger than life omorashi has been my interest always and I'm glad you were able to see it in that sense! I'm really glad that you enjoyed what I wrote, that means a lot to me! Thank you so much! And I'll definitely write male and female desperation together when I get the time! Thank you so much once again for your valuable input, my friend! I hope you have a nice day!

*015*2018-04-29 23:55

{{On 4/27/2018 at 8:08 PM, Jackles12 said:

And i just read it again. This story makes me happy, horny. Its amazing

}}

Hahahah, thank you so much, my dear!!?

*017*2022-08-03 17:15

{{16 hours ago, eucoloco said:

Oh so Nice to read i love unrealistic dystopia ...i love a guy trying to hide his need.

}}

Thank you, that is kind of you to say that.
