Buddy System

Author: PuddleOfPee

*000*2017-04-17 02:43

This is my first story and an idea that's been floating around in my head for a while. If you have any constructive criticism for my please let me know.

###

Maya didn't want to go to this stupid girl's summer camp in the first place, but her mom and dad were working and they didn't want her to spend the summer indoors. It didn't seem too bad, she thought as she read the itinerary. Her days did seem pretty jam packed, though. She wondered if she'd every get any free time.

"All right, kids!" A peppy female voice interrupted her musings. "I'm Makayla, I'm your counselor. I'm so excited to spend the summer with you! First thing first, we have a couple of rules to go over..." Her obviously fake excitement droned on and on and Maya let her mind drift and she took the last swig of her water bottle. Then, Makayla said something that caught her attention.

"Now, here at Camp Peak, we're very concerned with your safety. That's why we have the buddy system. You can't go anywhere without your buddy, not to the showers, not to bed, not even to the bathroom. If you're found wandering around alone, you will be punished severely. We'll call out names to set you up with your buddy. Joy L. and Bell D." She called out names until Maya finally heard her buddy. "Thea R, and Maya S." Maya stood up and looked around. She laid eyes on a pretty brunette with ice blue eyes. Maya's eyes drifted down the girl's impressively large chest to where a name tag with the name Thea on it rested. Thea gave Maya a small wave and walked over to her.

"So, I guess I'm your buddy." Maya said. somewhat awkwardly. Thea laughed and tossed her hair.

"Yeah. I'm Thea." Maya obviously knew this from the announcements but she stuck out her hand anyway.

"I'm Maya." Thea took her hand and smiled. "Well, Maya, you're in for a hell of a summer. I'm the most fun person I know." The girls noticed the lack of people around them and Thea glanced at her schedule.

"Shit!" Thea exclaimed. "We're going to be late for lunch." Maya blushed, feeling a bit of discomfort as her bladder alerted her of its fullness. She shrugged it off. She didn't want to be late for her first item of the day. Besides, she was sure she could hold it longer. Looking longingfully at the bathrooms, Maya trailed after her new friend.

The tables at the mess hall didn't have chairs, they just had long wooden benches, and Maya was extremely thankful for this. She sat at the edge of her seat, so that she could subtly use the chair to put pressure on her pee hole. When she did this, she forgot about her growing need and drank four glasses of water with her chili. However, when the water bottle she had emptied earlier started to hit her bladder, she started to regret that. She squirmed around in her seat, trying to give herself a little relief without holding herself. Thes pretended not to notice. Secretly, though, she was loving the show. This wasn't Thea's first summer here and she's decided that this time, she was going to have a little fun with it. As embarrassing as it was, Maya was going to have to say something to Thea. As the counselors announced that it was time to move to the next event, Maya decided she needed to say something.

"Hey, uh, Thea?" Maya's cheeks grew hot and Thea tried to look as innocent as possible. "Can we stop by the bathroom before our next event?" Thea pretended to look annoyed.

"Can't you just wait until a free time?" She fought the urge to smile, knowing that if it took that much desperation for Maya to ask to go to the bathroom, than she wouldn't never admit to not being able to wait. As Thea had predicted, Maya swallowed and nodded her head. The pair headed to arithmetic, then music, then art. By that point, Maya's bladder was reaching it's full capacity and she was fighting not to hold herself. She knew she would have to sacrifice her pride and ask Thea again.

"Thea? Can we stop at the bathroom on the way to the next event?" Thea shook her head.

"Our next event is awhile away. We might not even be on time as it is, so we don't have time to stop. "

"Oh. Ok." Maya mumbled, flushing. "What's our next event?"

"Gym, though I'm sure you won't have a problem with that." It was true. Maya loved to play sports and she looked the part, too. She had long bleached-blonde hair and tan skin from hours in the sun. Her hair was pulled back in a ponytail that barely reached the neckline of her white T-shirt. Maya fidgeted with the black backpack that she had slung over one shoulder. They were barely on time for gym and didn't even have time to change, let alone go to the bathroom.

"Dodgeball." It was only a single word out of the counselors mouth and it's struck fear in Maya's heart. Dodgeball meant running and jumping, both of which were heightened challenges with the state of Maya's bladder. She decided she would have to avoid the game at all costs. Thea, however, had different plans for her. The moment the whistle sounded, Maya took off running away from the action. Her plan seemed to work for the first few minutes until the counselor yelled to Maya.

"Hey! You can't do that! Get up there and play the game." Maya painstakingly waddled over towards the center. She wished she could just get hit so she could sit down and not have to play. She took a deep breath and straightened up, making her the perfect target. Her eyes were closed, so she couldn't even brace herself for the hit Thea delivered. The ball struck her right on her bulging bladder. It spurted, wetting the front of Maya's underwear and started to travel down her black leggings. Maya's dropped to a squat with her legs splayed open and her hands flew to her crotch, trying to hold back the flood. She clenched every muscle in her body and closed her eyes. She would not pee herself like a baby in front of all these people.

"Oh my god!" Thea exclaimed from across the room, as loud as she possibly could. "Are you ok?" Mays's eyes flew open and saw everyone in the room staring at her. She would have loved to have removed her hands from her crotch so the whole class wouldn't know how bad off she was, but unless she wanted to pee herself with everyone watching, the hands were staying. The whole room was silent. Then she heard a snicker from Thea.

"Oh my god. Are you going to pee yourself?" The whole room erupted in laughter. Maya looked around for the counselor, hoping that she would stop the laughter. She was nowhere to be found, though, and Maya was paralyzed. Another girl chimed in to tease her.

"Actually, it looks like she already started!" Maya looked underneath her and found a small yellow puddle. The class laughed even harder and started to make remarks.

"Hissss" She heard people say. "Water, waterfalls, streams, pee." She tried her best to block them out and gripped her crotch tighter, but their taunts made it harder to hold on.

"Hold her down." She heard Thea say. Maya wanted to run, to get away from Thea, but she couldn't move. All she could to was sit there and pray that she would regain control. Then she felt hands on her shoulders, shoving her to the ground. She tried in vain to keep a grasp on her crotch put he hands were pried away and she was completely helpless as the kids help her down. She would fight, but all of her energy was going to not peeing herself. She saw Thea wasn't holding her down and she braced herself for what was to come. She felt Thea pull off her shoes, and then her pants and underwear, leaving her privates exposed for everyone to see. Thea hiked up Maya's shirt and traced a long fingernail around her belly button. Then, without warning, Thea started tickling her. Maya tensed and she felt a spurt wet the lips of her vagina. She fought to stop it but there was a small puddle underneath her before she could. The class jeered.

"Aw, is somebody going to wet themself?" One said

"Are you going to have an accident?" Said another

"If you have to use the potty you have to tell us!" Said a third.

Thea tickled again. Maya tried to fight, but it was no use. The dam broke. A hot jet of pee shot out of her at full force. The kids laughed even harder as her pee hissed.

"You're peeing yourself like a baby!"

"Ooh! Somebody's having a little accident!"

Thea stopped tickling and watched as Maya peed herself. Her relief was so huge any restraint she had left melted away to the bliss of relief. She felt an orgasm build up and she didn't even do anything to stop it. All that mattered was the amazing feeling she was having right now.

"Oh, oh, oh, ohh!" Maya cried out as the orgasm hit and her voice echoed off of the walls. As the bliss faded, she remembered where she was and the situation she was in. She opened her eyes to find the class gone and only Thea standing above her. She offered a hand to help her up. Maya took it tentatively. Thea handed her her pants.

"Let's... let's clean this up." Thea said, gesturing to Maya and the floor. Maya wasn't sure why Thea thought that they could be friends after that, but she was going to go along with it. Someday, somehow, she'd get her revenge.

