Working on my stories here

Author: Plush (PEE)

*000*2019-05-26 18:40

Sooo, been on here for a long time, and finally worked up the courage to get back into writing and decided to post my something here. If anyone like it i will continue. the first part is more of an example of how i write and what this story is like, sadly no Omo is this part as i wanted to get this out first. I have plans for many other stories if this one isnt liked and willing to take a request or idea if it fits my liking slightly.

*001*2019-05-26 18:46

Introductions

Apex Academy is the most sought after school of both magic, military training, and professions that will one day take you to the stars above. Not all can just walk in the front door and expect to start there. No, aside from being a loyal citizen of the Apex Empire and achieve the grades and skills required, there-

Alice: Do you have to read that now? Your already in what does it matter what it says?

Sekai: But… *put the brochure down and acceptance letter*

Alice: Butts are nice, Come on you mean you waited all this time to start reading that? Figured that was stuff done on tv. *Fold arms* You gonna unpack before we go the greeting ceremony in the courtyard?

Sekai: Yeah, best now then later. *looking that the beds* Looks comfy.

Alice: Handmade straight from the capital for your back and butt, unless you sleep on your tummy and chest.

Sekai: *weak giggle*

Alice: Nooo, dont tell me, your one.. One of those sideways sleepers? *grin* Heard those types are good to curl up with on cold nights.

Sekai: *looking away with a shy blush* No way, i sleep anyway i want.

Alice: *giggles* Interesting. I will keep that in mind.

Sekai: *looks back at Alice* Hey you unpack too, stop focusing on other things. *start unpacking and putting clothing in her designated closed*

Alice: *low voice to herself* Well, she's hard to get. *giggles* Or maybe need to loosen her up. *start unpacking*

Ren: *walking into the room and close the door* Hmm… not good…

Sekai: And then we are three. Hiya roomy.

Ren: *turns around against the door in surprise as she looks at them* Wh-what?? But…

Alice: I already explained to her, that butts are nice.

Ren: No no… im not suppose to have… no…

Sekai: *looking at the new girl’s uniform* Your a cadet?

Alice: Hmm…. *looking at the new girl from a distance as she unpacks*

Ren: Um… yes… no… I'm actually a Junior Officer. Im Ren.

Sekai: Call me Sekai. Uhh… Scientist to be. Well under the Priestess Rite.

Alice: *giggles* Commoner and a Religious guide. Cute. guess by my set its obvious. *clears her throat* Im-

Ren: A stuck up, noble girl who can’t tell the difference between paper money and a gold credit chip.

Alice: *pause in shock*

Ren: Alice Vermont, of House Vermont, Royal boot licker of Arch Sanders. The PrimArch is who i live to serve not second of government.

Alice: You little bit-

Sekai: Bits of knowledge and funny things to say. *weak laugh* Maybe we should… change the subject.

Alice: *pouts* Hmmm….

Ren: *looks at Sekai* At least we have someone neutral if there was an argument.

Sekai: *Sigh* Not easy then it looks. The Rite wasn't easy with what's been going on.

Ren: Youth shouldn’t be bothered by the elders business, The PrimArch is trying to settle this. I know.

Alice: Way do all you lower citizens act like this. Just wait it out and it will be fine.

Ren: *glare at Alice* How about you share some of that noble money so some of us don't have to wait for our food to grow before the winter.

Alice: As if, like i would ever give my hard giving money to the lights of your disrespectful as- *looks at Sekai* Butt.

Ren: I didn't say for me, i mean those that truly need it.

Alice: My Father does, We fund the farms affected.

Ren: Your funding blighted farms and dried up fishing areas!!

Alice: Hey what they do with the money is their own business at least we give them something to help. You know what,saying that maybe is not me you should be mad at, maybe those that are suppose to be feeding you.

Ren: Why do your on farms and make your own ships to fish?

Alice: We took note of the financial devastation this industrys would have on us and the people.

Ren: Protect yourselve while letting other handle it…. All the while you focus on the gold industries.

Alice: What are you complaining about boots? You just explained Anoble in a nutshell.

Ren: No!! Its you- ….. Boots?

Alice: Mmmhmm. Your military, your name is Boots.

Ren: ……

Sekai: Hmm… Its a odd name.

Alice: I think its cute.

Ren: *says nothing and goes to her bed and drop her bags*

Alice: Think the nickname was to much for her. *giggles*

Sekei: Maybe…

The academy bell chimes loud across the campus. After the intercom turns on and the principal speaks.

Principal Hawkings: Good Afternoon students and new arrivals, Today like many others before you is a day to show respect for those we honour greatly. Not Just Apex or the PrimArch himself, but also the Foundation of the circle. Each one of the Seven beings of the Apex hold a meaning in every build on this campus.

Alice: *Smiles* Would be happy to see our scientist turn out to be under the Teo form. A tail and cute feline ears would be lovely looking Heru.

Sekai: Sh-shush..

Principal Hawkings: I will see you all in the courtyard in a few hours. Enjoy yourself for you may have made it this far to get here, but know this. To reach Apex, you must keep climbing to that high point. Be it though technology, magic, military might, or just pure devotion to what you hold most true. Let your goal be beyond all expectations.

Sekai: What can be achieved by one person once can be the foundation for many others to climb higher after them to lay their own foundation for others. Your climb may end at the top, but given enough time and more mountain will form so others will be able to climb after you.

Alice: Hmm…. Well i see what side the principal is on.

Ren: Your just mad he didn't recognize the noble abilities.

Alice: Huh? What abilities?

Ren: *laughs* Exactly! Hahaha~

Sekai: *shy giggles can be heard softly*

Alice: *blush and looks away* Shut up you two. *grab a cup from her tea tray and pour herself a cup*

Ren: Hmm? What not gonna share that either?

Alice: Sure. *shrug her shoulders* This is a family special blend, to expensive your you two but way to much for me to drink by myself.

Sekai: *grab a cup and get some tea pour in it by Alice* Thanks,

Ren: *raise an eyebrow and shrugs* I want to be offended but… your family does own some great tea shops. *gets a cup poured by Alice*

Alice: Its fine. Hey look. *sips from her cup* Mmm, Sorry. Forgot we are roommates and should be friends. Not enemies. Easy talking down to someone when you know you will only see them once. You may be a Boots girl but you are cool.

Ren: *drinks abit* Ahh~ Mmm, thanks. I have nothing against nobles, just hate when they think they are better cause the Arch Circle favor them. When it's the PrimArch that takes care of everyone even them.

Sekai: Hey Ren, you ever figured Alice is not like her parents?

Alice: *Says nothing as she drinks and watch*

Ren: Huh? What do your mean? Of course she isnt like them, but she could be like most nobles.

Sekai: Well… Look where she is. The ArchWing Estate is a dom for the nobles of the Academy.

Ren: Hmm? So what? Maybe she wanted to be here. Im sure they will transfer her furniture in here and get rid of what she would be sleeping on.

Sekai: Maybe… maybe you need to look closer at her situation.

Alice: Or she could just look at this. *hand Ren her bag and lay down in her own bed as she drinks a second cup*

Ren: Uhh.. *sit the bag in a chair and finish her first cup and sit it on the table as she slowly opens the bag*

Inside Ren sees come fabric panties and bras

Alice: Well.

Ren: I… didn't want to see your underwear.

Alice: Well i did, point is Sek, is right. Im here without the large support of my parents. Had to use my own money to buy my clothing and food. Guess you could call me a commoner now.

Ren: Uhh…. still didn't want to see your panties.

