Annies long drive

Author: Peefreak

*000*2018-12-13 14:24

Annie was a cute, blonde, girl in her twenties with blue eyes and she had long curly hair. She was quite tall and curvy too.

One day she was driving to visit her friend, Jenny, who lived a six hour drive away it was a very hot day. In order to keep herself hydrated she drank alot of water. Not unsurprising in the the circumstances. At first everything was alright but some 45 minutes into the journey she needed to pee.

"Why didint i pee before i left?" she thought to herself.

Around an hour hour later there was a accident and the police had blocked off the road. By now she was pressing her legs together and was very thirsty. Althopugh doing so was a risk, she drank up the last of her Coca Cola, which was what remained of a two litre bottle.

After a further two 2 hours the traffic started moving. She now held herself with one hand and drove with the other. When Anne finally reached her friend's house she got a text which said:

"Sorry my boyfriend's had to go to the hospital. We can meet another day."

Annie considered just peeing in the middle of the road - the relief alone would have been worth it. However she turned around since she knew there was a gas station 6km from there. When she reached the gas station she could barely wallk. Her bladder hurt so much all she wanted was to pee. Annie asked the guy who was working for the bathroom. He told her that it was for "customers only." Still being thirsty, she bought a botle of water and chugged it. He gave her the key and when she tried to unlock the door Annie discovered to her horror that it was broken.

Despite her best efforts that door simply wouldn't open! She wanted to cry now. Annie got back in the car and searched for a place to go. She drove along the country roads for about 30min when she saw a abaonded barn. Usually she would never even have thought about peeing on someone else's property but she was beyond caring. Stopping the car she got out, entered the barn, locked the door and squatted. She couldnt get her stream started at first because her bladder had been holding for too long. After around ten seconds she got her stream going and it was bliss.

"Aahhh," she exclaimed as she smiled and tilted her head back with her eyes closed in relief. It felt so good to finally let go that she forgot sbout everything else her stream was shooting out of here sounding like a waterfall.

"Ooohh thats so good - I really needed this!"

Annie had never had to pee this bad before she didint care if she got caught cause it felt so good. After around two minutes she finished she moaned softly.

"Aaahh that was so good!"

Looking at her handiwork, Annie gave a smile of satisfaction. She'd left a puddle not unworthy of a small ocean on the floor

