A Candid Chat With Priyanka Chopra

Author: Pain

*000*2016-05-09 07:44

Priyanka Chopra is many things – beautiful, intelligent, down to earth and quick witted – but as that story reveals, one characteristic she does not lack is confidence. As the actress is on her heels promoting her latest sci-fi film, we get into a candid chat with her.

We heard you are doing a double role in your latest?

I am doing a dual role. I am playing the hero’s wife. I go from being a good wife to an evil one in the film. Usually in superhero films, the girls don’t have anything to do, they are just damsel in distress. But here I play a duality of good and evil which is very interesting.

There were lot of expectations from your last film but it did not do well. What do you think went wrong?

If I had been a filmmaker, I would have thought about what went wrong. But I am an actor, a small part of the film. Of course I feel bad as I too have expectations. But I don’t concentrate on these things and move on to my next film. Every film has its own destiny. You do feel bad as if your film doesn’t do well. I wished my last had done well but every film can’t do well.

What are your plans on marriage?

I want to get married but no one can claim me until someone really claims me. When a guy comes into my life it will not be for diamonds. A guy will be in my life only when I am in love. I don’t need a guy for anything else except for children.

What has been your most embarrassing moment?

There was this one time when I got stuck in traffic on my way back home and I got really desperate to pee. It had been a long day of shooting and dubbing and I hadn’t had a chance to use the loos all day and I had drunk like… so much water, it was insane.

Being stuck on the back seat of a car with a bursting bladder is not an enjoyable thing, I found that day. (Laughs)

I held on somehow, but as things grew worse I seriously started considering just going in my pants. We were on a highway but there was no way I was going to get out to pee in public like that. So I just gave up and completely flooded my jeans and the seat. The sense of relief I felt was completely worth ruining my seats. It was wonderful but it was embarrassing at the same time.

It must have been mortifying

Yes it was, but at least my chauffer didn’t care what I was doing. (Laughs) The pressure was too damn high and I simply had to do it. There was no way I could have held it till I got home.

Have you gotten into situations like this before?

Yes, I have been in situations where I’ve got really desperate for a pee. I have a tank for a bladder and I can put off going to the loo for a really long time, but I have also been in situations where I just had to put everything aside and go to the bathroom.

There was this interview I was doing for a leading news daily and I went in for it with a seriously full bladder because I was confident that I could hold it. But half way through I thought I was gonna lose it so I just had to stop the interview to go relive myself. It was so embarrassing! (Covers her face as she laughs.)

The biggest problem arises when I’m traveling. I drink a lot of water, almost 10 liter in a day, which means I pee a lot too but bathroom facilities are not always available while travelling through road.

Once I was driving back home from a far off shooting location when I stopped in the middle of the highway to take a leak. I was so desperate, I didn’t even think about the police and the patrol vans. So while I was peeing on the road, a police officer got off the car and started shouting ‘stop’. But I just could not stop, not before I was done doing what I was! It was so humiliating!

He was like standing there with his back towards me, while I was hurrying up to finish what I was doing as I constantly apologized to him.

He was so intimidating and he was giving me these nasty, disapproving looks, while I stood there apologizing profusely.

He let me off the hook but not before warning me that parking my car on the highway, in the middle of the night was wrong and unacceptable and that I shouldn’t be seen doing this next time. I was so thankful!

Thank you so much for talking to us Priyanka, we wish you all the best for your film.

Thank you!

