Green-eyed taxi

Author: peeacsfan

*000*2024-05-02 12:17

Each A girl in her life really wanted to go to the toilet, and everyone remembers how it was Was!

After graduating from high school and passing the exam entrance exams to the educational institution, there was one free month left. The whole August was busy, and we spent half a day on the beach with a friend. In one Of those days, two young men were sunbathing beside us, and when we left bathing, asked them to keep an eye on our belongings. Then we played together in Volleyball, potato, that's how we met. We exchanged phone numbers, and in the evening they invited us for a walk. My ancestors had gone to the country, so I was ready I could walk until the morning, but my friend couldn't afford it. In the evening, the sky It was overcast, but we didn't cancel the date.

During the walk, it was clear that the clouds were not dispersed, and the young men invited us to their homes. We agreed: get in Personally, I didn't want it to rain at all. But after a while, the first The drops touched my arm, and I suggested that I quicken my pace. As soon as our The company approached the hypermarket, pouring rain poured down. We barely made it run under the roof. While the "sky was crying" outside, the four of them wandered around the and the young people asked what we were going to drink. I said I didn't drink but they insisted that I should try the Reds drink. They assured me that it was weak and sweet. I agreed, but warned him that there was a lot of I won't drink.

We went outside. Rain to At that time, the verse was as sudden as it had begun.

In the next moment they sat in Seryozha's large room, that was the name of one of the young people. We listened to music, talked, laughed, Seryozha poured me "reds" And I noticed that he was looking at me all the time. I don't like beer and alcohol drinks, but the Reds really did look like a fruit drink, and forget that It's not juice, I didn't keep my word in the store - I drank it with pleasure Gradually, everything that was bought for me. The drink made me feel good and light. In A gentle breeze blew on my head. That's because I never drink.

Then we started playing cards and when I lost, Seryozha asked me to go to another room. I I understood that it was a trick, but I was interested and went out. A friend stayed with the second young man (I don't remember his name), and Sergey and I were sitting there on the couch in the other room. At first we just talked, then he hugged us and began to tickle my palm with his fingers, which made me feel good. I She relaxed and snuggled closer to him. We didn't want to talk, so we sat there silently, and I was comfortable. It was so nice, I just wanted to sit for a long, long time, although The Reds I drank began to make me uncomfortable, begging to come out, but I didn't I wanted to disturb the idyll, so I ignored my other desire.

@@From blissful I felt dizzy and didn't even notice how we had become kiss. He put his arms around my waist and began to stroke my back, which was covered goosebumps of pleasure and pleasure. While we were kissing, his naughty The hands were already making their way to my chest, but I found the strength to push them away. Several times he tried to repeat the trick, but I wouldn't let him do it, and He loosened his grip. It turned out to be a strategic ploy: his hand She made a sudden movement and deftly touched my chest so that I didn't have time to react. I wanted to move my hand away, but I couldn't: from the touch all over the A pleasant cramp went through my body, and I just couldn't free my chest by his hand. To be honest, I didn't even want to. He squeezed very gently, then loosened his palm, not letting go of my chest, causing my breath to become more and more deeper and heavier, the face is pink, and all over the body, especially in the abdomen, An impulse of sweet languor passed. And, as I admitted above, after drinking "reds", I wanted to go to the toilet, but the pleasure I got from kissing and stroking, outweighed the desire to leave.

His touches and squeezes make my chest His hand moved back to my waist. I couldn't sit there It was very comfortable, and soon we were just lying in our arms kissing. His hand touched my butt over my denim shorts and I didn't want to push her away, even though I understood that it was wrong, that it was impossible. As soon as I thought about it, I realized that if I don't stop now, then what I'm talking about may happen Later, I will regret that I agreed so quickly. I took his hand away, which She squeezed my buttocks, and barely squeezing the words out of herself, she whispered sternly:

"Seryozha, that's enough! Come on Stay!

- Why stop, Something's wrong?

- Everything is fine, only... I can't So right away, I'm not ready yet!

- Don't worry, nothing "It will," he said, and kissed me again, and then held me close to him like that in such a way that he pressed on my stomach, which even made me feel pain because of the full Bladder.

"Oh," I cried, "Don't Put pressure on my belly, please!

He moved away a little, and soon Bliss came to me again, mixed with another desire, and then he gave me Another small victory over me: with his right leg he spread my legs (despite I was squeezing them, but the physical strength did not allow me to bring them back to the starting position), and then rested his knee right "there", and began to write out Knee ring-like movements. I was ashamed that I had allowed myself to do so I couldn't go far, but these movements made something indescribable happen to me. Her lower abdomen was throbbing pleasantly, and there was a ticklish chill in her groin, but mixed with bladder pressure. And his leg, pinching me in "that place" helped me to tolerate and restrain the urge to pee. In short, my tower was blown away somewhere in the distance. I don't know how it would have ended, idyll and bliss A knock on the door and a friend's question were interrupted:

"Vika, it's time for me to go home." Are you with me or are you staying?

We stopped abruptly, "roof" I was returning to my place, and gathering the remnants of my will, I answered through the door:

"Yes, I will go with you too."

"Then I'll call a taxi, and you'll For now, get ready.

"I'll be right back," I said. And she said to Seryozha what he already understood, "We'll go home."

@@Sergey didn't let me go and He tried to persuade me to stay. I objected. He kissed me and made an attempt to bring me back to The former state of bliss, but that peak had passed, and I could already cope with the and say a firm "no". In truth, the only physical At that time, there was only one desire: to go to the toilet and relieve himself. He tried to persuade me for a few minutes, but I was unapproachable, and she got up and sat down on the sofa, ready to leave the room, run down to the track and go home. He, however, turned out to be a pushy young man wouldn't let go of me, holding my hand, and asking when we were going to do it again. I'll see you and "finish what we've started." That last sentence was his mistake – she was to me I didn't like it terribly! I wasn't going to meet him for the sake of Finish the "business". The fact that I had a weakness at that time is, of course, Yes, but that doesn't mean I'm going to run to him right now to sleep with him! Oh no!! I'm not like that!!

My thoughts were interrupted by her friend's voice, in which a slight dissatisfaction slipped:

"Well, are you going or not?! Want "Stay, I'll go alone without you!"

- No Wait for me, I'm coming out," I replied in a confident voice, then stood up and smacked Seryozha and went out of the room into the corridor.

Seryozha He didn't follow me right away, and the second young man was doing something in the kitchen. My friend was standing ready and hurrying me.

- Wait a minute, I'm still in I'm running to the toilet on the path," I said about what had been tormenting me for a long time and lurked beneath the power of the bliss of the past.

- Vika, the taxi will leave now, You're going home!

- An, but I really want to! - I whispered as I put on my shoes, taking advantage of the fact that the young men were They don't hear.

- Damn, Vika, my ancestors Kill! Let's hurry up, be patient to get home! - said with irritation in her voice She is.

"All right, all right," she said Her rising tone of self.

The young men escorted us to the elevator, to the I smacked Seryozha goodbye again, and we drove downstairs. I was in a good mood, I I was pleased that I had enjoyed the kisses and caresses of the young man and especially by the fact that I didn't cross the line after which I would have been I'm ashamed of myself that I "gave up" so easily. There was only one thing that bothered me: I was all I wanted to go to the toilet in the evening, but I didn't I relieved myself before leaving.

The taxi driver was annoyed that We had to wait for a long time, he said discontentedly:

"Next time I'll leave if Do not leave immediately after the call.

We excused ourselves and got into the car. He threw away his cigarette and got behind the wheel.

- Where are we going? - sounded his voice, and the friend gave two addresses.

It just so unfortunate for that moment coincided that We live in different neighborhoods with her, and she was taken first because it's closer. And also Taxi drivers charge money for any additional stop. And although to go, in In general, there were only twenty minutes to go, it was very hard for me and painfully. The taxi driver turned on the radio.

"Well, what did you have?" - My friend asked, making sure the taxi driver couldn't hear our conversation.

- There was nothing! -with I replied with a straight face.

"Oh, come on, you need to pour!"

- For real! Nothing of the kind Was.

- Well, well! And why did it take so long? Her voice was snide with a hint of hidden envy.

- We talked to him.

- Did you just talk? – in her Tone was almost an accusation.

I I thought about what else to say in my defense, but I couldn't think of anything and decided to change the subject: "By the way,

I'm on your I really want to go to the toilet now! I said in an accusatory tone, lowering my end just in case, voice.

A friend said nothing.

"And how are you...?, - asked trying to remember the name of Seryozha's friend.

- With Pasha? No way! He He sat and talked about the computer, I almost fell asleep," my friend answered.

"I see," I said, and we fell silent.

I I looked out the window to find out where we were going and how much was left. It's eerily simple I wanted to pee! I squeezed my legs tighter.

- So you definitely don't have anything Was? She began to ask in the second circle.

"I'm telling you!" Not Come on! I began to get irritated, not because of the question, but because of the fact that I had become looking for someone to blame for her situation, and mentally accusing her friend of prevented me from going to the toilet before leaving.

"Really, really nothing?" –not "

All right. We kissed Will you be satisfied with such an answer?

- Well, how do you kiss him? He Did he molest you?

- He pestered me, but not much. We just sat and chatted, hugged and kissed. There was nothing else And it couldn't be! - I got wound up, especially since I wanted to go to the toilet after this "reds".

Formed A moment's pause. There was an advertisement on the radio.

- By the way, I can hardly stand it anymore! – I said in an accusatory tone, and added, "You didn't let me go, now I'm I'm going and I'm suffering.

- Vic, damn it, get me Then the ancestors won't let you go at all. You're the one who can come home at what time but I don't.

- Wait a minute for the weather Did! - I rightly remarked.

- Oh, come on, you will be patient, Not small! She said in the tone of a man who does not can put himself in the position of another.

I didn't say anything, but I did demonstratively touchy face, sighed, put her hand between her legs and squeezed them Hips. After all, I still had to get home.

Soon we drove up to a friend's house (although I could have left earlier on foot to take a walk to let the car go), she paid and went out. Remained just a little bit to get to my house, and then I would be able to do something your own business. I was running out of energy, I was already I was on the edge, I was even afraid that I wouldn't be able to stand it in the car, and if I was with a friend at least Somehow she could get distracted, then left alone in the back seat, she could think Only about one thing - the toilet. At that moment, a melody began to play on the radio, the taxi driver turned up the volume:

Here and all that's left to do is to relieve

@@fatigue AND This evening heals

@@my soul oh-oh-oh-oh Green-eyed taxi, slow down, slow down,

@@and take me to

@@where will always be glad to see me

Mikhail Boyarsky sang. I'm talking about She changed the line: "Green-eyed taxi, hurry, hurry me up." The urine hit my head with terrible force! I tensed up, squeezing hard with my hips her hand, and crossed her legs and jerked her knees.

- "Just a little more, a little bit more Be patient," I told myself.

We've already We were approaching, but I was hit with devilish force! Boyarsky's last line I've already heard this: "Green-eyed taxi, I'm going to pee in my underpants."

However, in truth, and to be honest - Literally, that's what I was experiencing. We drove up to the area where I live, drove to of my yard, turned, and... Mom... It was only then that I remembered how terrible my On our way to the yard, it was full of potholes and potholes! As soon as we drove the first three meters, the car started shaking, which was reflected in the pain in my bladder, and I cried out in surprise:

"Oh, stop it! - and already In a calm but choked tone, she added, "I'll get there myself, thank you."

She handed me the money. Cabby turned on the light. I glanced down and was horrified to find a dark spot on the their shorts, and what is even worse – the same one in the seat of the taxi! Apparently because of the bumps and Everything shook inside me, and I didn't notice how I couldn't stand it and "spilled" A little.

So long The taxi driver didn't notice the wet spot on the seat and didn't crash, I opened the door and broke free. I just wanted to write to the point of impossibility, and I realized that I won't bring it home.

@@A little ahead of me transformer booth, and I hobbled to it, gathering the last of my strength. If Someone was looking out the window of the house at that moment, he saw the following picture: "From the car A girl comes out, bent in half, slams the door, and on the half-bent Like a disabled war veteran, he tries to trudge forward quickly, pinching himself at the same time by hand." However, it wasn't funny at all. When I got to this booth I stopped, it came with such force that I started jumping on the spot! As a result, I jumped to the point where I grabbed the zipper with my fingers jeans, yanked it with such force that it pulled out, and the zipper never departed. Out of surprise, I abruptly squatted down, and waited for the rolling Wave. When I felt a little better, I got up again and tried to unzip it zipper without zipper. Touching the slider, I inevitably pressed my fingers on my lower abdomen, which was reflected by the pain and the feeling that it was about to pour. I had to cross my legs. At one point, I couldn't hold back With an effort of will, she stopped the rushing stream. She took a deep breath, and with her finger I unzipped it, but while I was wasting time on it, I peed a few times, and then I took off my shorts and... I can't put it into words: such a relief!

I've come home light already, I undressed, took a shower and went to bed. I fell asleep instantly.

