The Cosmolotl Club

Author: ProjectOasis42

*000*2024-08-18 07:12

Ahoy! Been wanting to write this up for a year now, but finally getting around to actually writing it. This is my first shot at writing a full story entry, so any and all feedback is appreciated! Will likely be broken up into two or three parts to make writing it easy, though the story itself only takes place over one day. Hope you all enjoy!

###

Pretext

Within the Milky Way galaxy, 19 jumps away from Earth, lies a statistical wonder of an alien homeworld named the Trinary Orbis planetary system. A wonder in that not only is the system supporting alien life, but that the system boasts an impossible feat of 3 habitable planets of roughly equal sizes occupying the same orbit, approximately 120 degrees apart, as if the three body problem doesn't exist. And each planet (Atlas, Oasis, and Eclyptas) miraculously evolved the same alien species known as the Axotl, an anthropomorphic axolotl race which has reached the space age and now seeks to travel the stars and build friendly relationships with other space fairing civilizations.

###

The Cosmolotl Club - Part 1

For as long as their history can date, the Axotl have always looked to the stars. A fascination with the outer unknown world that surrounded them, like the cosmos were beckoning to them. And as they evolved, as their technology improved, this fascination turned to desire, a drive to reach out and explore. So when those first radio signals from neighboring planets were picked up, it served as the spark of a grand space race between the three planets. Over time this race would shift from a competition to collaboration, with the three planets achieving full contact and forming the Tri-Orbis Cosmic Command, a governing organization tasked with the administration and peaceful preservation of all space activities, for the benefit of all Axotls and their allies. This would mean that, outside of being a interplanetary merchant or shuttle owner, the only way to become a true space explorer would be to become a TOCC space sailor, informally known as the 'Cosmolotl Club.'

Alaina Wescott was one such person eager to join. Like many others, she too had a fascination with space since early childhood, aided by her grandma's fantastical tales of the space race, and now at only 20 years of age she was on pace to be the youngest Axotl to be welcomed to the Cosmolotl Club, assuming she could pass one final mark of her training journey; the BRANT Simulation, an infamous simulation among the organization, which made even a bubbly excited gal like Alaina nervous. fumbling with some loose papers she had in hand, Alaina paced around the waiting room of the TOCC training center and glanced at the clock. Five minutes to 3 pm, the time when she would be up to start the test.

The contents of the papers were not that important, she'd read them a dozen times now. and her past sim scores showed she had an understanding of the material, even if she couldn't recite the papers word for word. No, that wasn't the source of her nervousness, she knew she could complete it under normal conditions. But the BRANT simulation didn't run on normal conditions, instead tasked with assessing a person's ability to handle a critical situation while under sufficient stress, which is why it had such a reputation. After all it was in the name, 'Bladder Retention Asteroid Navigation Trial'.

...Which is the other reason why Alaina was fidgeting so much. The average Axotl could comfortably hold around 800-1000ml of liquid in their bladder before heading to the restroom, but Alaina had already drank north of 1500ml today, and it was settling in her fast. Now, for a gal like Alaina, worry wasn't the only feeling she was experiencing. The thought of having to hold a full bladder like this was honestly quite intriguing to her, but she had to focus elsewhere, having already gotten in trouble once or twice with upper command over other kink related stuff. Like when she accidentally uploaded her feet pics to the database, or-

"Alaina, you almost ready?" called a voice from beyond the door, right as the clock struck 3 pm.

She straightened up, mostly at least, setting the papers down on the table, next to a now empty extra large bottle of water. "Y-yes, I'll be right out!" replied Alaina, looking at herself in the mirror beforehand and making sure her uniform was in order. A white shirt with a navy blue overcoat, bearing a hexagonal patch with a horizontally stretched hollow yellow diamond towards the bottom, and 3 white lines above it with equal thickness.

If she could pass today's simulation, that first white line would be replaced with light blue, granting her access to serve aboard a real spacecraft as a navigator, and from there it would be just crew work until she got the experience to become a pilot, maybe even commander or captain one day! Finishing off her uniform was a simple pair of black dress pants, only her belt was a few notches loose to accommodate her filling bladder. Being no stranger to holds in the past, she knew she'd need all the extra room she could get, without breaking uniform code of course.

Taking a deep breath, she left the waiting room and met up with the technician outside, who happened to steal a few not so subtle glances at Alaina's small but slowly filling bladder bulge. They walked down a corridor of the training facility, passing the occasional decor of a potted plant or a painting of some high ranking official. before making it to the simulator room, where another person waited next to the simulator itself, another Pilot named Hailey. And since Alaina's focus was occupied elsewhere, she didn't catch the negative energy behind Hailey's smile. Alaina climbed into the simulator booth, taking a seat right at the controls. A familiar seat for her by now, only this time she couldn't seem to find a comfortable position, wiggling in her seat as she pressed her thighs together.

"Ok, you remember the mission briefing, correct?" asked the technician, booting up the simulator a little difficulty. This booth had seen many trainees in its past, which is to say it was years off from being state of the art, thanks to a budget that only seemed to shrink each year.

"Mhm, mission is to navigate a hopper shuttle through an asteroid field and dock with the refueling station on the other side, just like last time." Alaina replied, strapping herself into the seat after giving up on finding the perfect position.

"Yes, but this time your shuttle has taken severe damage and won't survive another hit. You'll have to make it through without a single collision, or it'll restart. And, well, you know..."

"-And, no pee breaks until it's over." chirped Hailey, tightening the support straps tightly across Alaina's bladder, making her squirm and stifle back a whine, face turning red. "A real pilot won't get pee breaks while on duty, and neither will you. and you better not leak on the equipment, that's an automatic flunk for the day." She said bitterly, like she wanted Alaina to fail. Like the other sailors, it took Hailey a little over a year to complete her training. So to see Alaina breeze through most of it without an issue in only a few months, it got under her skin. To her, Alaina was just a showoff.

Alaina gulped as she took the controls in her hands, left foot tapping against the floor of the simulator. Those belts securing her in made the situation worse, heightening her desperation to a 6, and it was only going to get worse with time. "Got it, no hits... and no pee breaks." She replied with hesitation in her voice as she watched the screen in front of her come to life, displaying a virtual asteroid field in front of her craft and multiple proximity sensors adorning the simulated walls of the shuttle. Hailey and the technician went to their respective desks nearby, their computers displaying simulation results as well as the output of a moisture sensor in the seat that would shut off power immediately if it changed too rapidly.

"Alright Alaina, you're free to begin!" said the technician as she unpaused the simulation, giving Alaina full control of the virtual shuttle. Alaina just nodded and pushed forward lightly on the flight stick controlling the thrusters, propelling the shuttle forward slightly and making the booth lurch forward to roughly mimic the motions. Emphasis on roughly, the old motors and servos giving no mercy to Alaina's filling bladder. 'Cmon Alaina, don't pee in front of everyone, this is your chance' she thought to herself on repeat, making slow work on flying.

Normally a pass would take only 20-30 minutes, but her pace was slowed from caution. While restarting was an option, each restart would leave a mark on her report, AND eat up valuable time she'd much rather spend not focusing on trying to stay dry. And claiming emergency for a pee break was out of the question too, since doing so would bean no more attempts for the day and look even worse. No she just had to get through it, in one shot. how hard could it be?

Very hard, actually. Because in thinking about getting it over, She had lost focus and collided with an asteroid. A loud buzzer played as the booth shook, jostling her poor bladder and making the gal squirm in her seat. To her credit it wasn't entirely her fault, Hailey may have modified the simulation to make the field denser than usual, and the technician made no effort to fix it because she knew if she did, she'd get less of a viewing of Alaina's desperation. Besides, she rationalized it that it would prove Alaina even better of a pilot if she could make it through the modifications. Regardless, it still meant Alaina would have to start from the beginning.

But it kept happening. Each time she would make it further, but a stray asteroid would catch her slipping, and send her back to the beginning. 2 hours had elapsed, and Alaina's situation was getting dire. The last restart was particularly cruel, her shuttle getting struck from behind right before making it through. As the screen reset, Alaina only had one hand on the controls, the other hand gripping her crotch to apply a little pressure that would help instead of hurt. The technician watched with rosy cheeks as Hailey only smirked. "Hey, both hands on the controls rookie! This isn't a game, stop acting foolish." the latter barked, making Alaina reluctantly pull her hand away and cross her legs tightly, scooting back and forth in her seat as much as the belts would allow.

"Alaina, It has been over two hours now..." stated the technician with worry. "Are you sure you don't need a break for the day?"

"Yes- I mean no! no breaks, I can do this, I have to do this!" replied Alaina, her voice now strained with the effort of holding it, sounding like she was more trying to reassure herself than anyone else. But that didn't help either, nothing did. Her bladder felt like a water balloon that was about to slip off the faucet and spill everywhere, a balloon that was jerked around by the controls, pummeled by every asteroid she failed to evade... That's it!

A spark went off in Alaina's head, gripping the control sticks so tightly her knuckles changed color. She had been approaching the task wrong, trying to fly rigidly through the field when it seemed to flow like a fluid itself. Perhaps if she made more fluid movements, she could make it through. So with new determination, Alaina flew through the field, never letting up on the thrusters. Fanning her legs, warning sirens blaring from the shuttle proximity sensors on all sides, Alaina breezed through the field, in only 14 minutes! Now all that was left was to dock with the station. She repeated the mantra of "Just dock, don't pee. Just dock, don't pee!" to herself verbally as she closed the gap, each second taunting her, until finally the screen went green, dinging a bell of success, much to Hailey's disappointment.

"Yes! Finally! I'm free!" Alaina squeaked out, scrambling to undo the tight belts around her bladder so she could finally stand up. Just a few more minutes and she could rush off to the restroom.

The technician approached first, helping Alaina out of the booth, taking even more glances up close. "C-congratulations Alaina! Now we can go over the results and-"

"We can do that after I visit the restroom, promise!" Alaina squeaked, walking as fast as she could towards the restroom with her legs pressed together tightly.

"Alaina, wait! The Admiral wants to discuss the results with the other higher ups now! You can't keep them waiting!"

Alaina came to a dead stop, her face crumpling. "The Admiral?! B-but..."

"I know... but this is important. I'm sure you'll get a break to pee after the meeting, it shouldn't be that long. C'mon, I'll take you there."

Alaina whimpered as she was lead away from the restroom. So close to relief... yet denied at the last second. Granted it wasn't all bad. No longer being strapped down to a chair gave her bladder more room to expand, distending around four inches from her belly. And she still had the high feeling of being a step closer to her goal of traveling the stars.

She just had to get through one little meeting, It had to be easy.

Right?

###

There we go! Part 1 complete. I promise part 2 will have more focus on her desperation, I might have gotten a little too in the weeds with universe lore rather than actual omo stuff. But no worry, there's still lots more for her elastic bladder to endure~

Again, any and all feedback/comments/suggestions are greatly appreciated!

*001*2024-08-18 10:36

{{3 hours ago, ProjectOasis42 said:

Timestamp > 12:19 AM PST 8/18/2024. Posted way too early because I made a mistake while entering tags, so the story is far from complete. Please bear with me while I try to fix it!

}}

Ok, Should be fixed now! Accidentally hit enter while I was adding tags so the thing submitted before i finished writing the story, whoops!

