Poor snow maiden

Author: peeacsfan

*000*2024-05-26 06:16

A car with a flaunting inscription: "New Year's Congratulations! Calling Santa Claus and the Snow Maiden! Holding corporate parties!", stopped near the store. Santa Claus came out, opened the back door and helped The Snow Maiden should come out. As she went out, she straightened the specially taped under the cape Balloon tape. They climbed the steps, and Santa Claus was the first to enter the trading floor.

- Hello, ladies, gentlemen, I rode here for a long time, I was told an arrow here, I abandoned all business, the Snow Maiden I sent an SMS to send a Mercedes. The New Year's Eve hour has come, familiar faces A full hall. Happy New Year to you, friends! Where is my granddaughter? In the morning a snowstorm of chalk was spinning, she must have lost her way..., - said Santa Claus.

The door opened, and on the threshold The Snow Maiden appeared.

- Hello, my granddaughter! A what you disturb your grandfather in vain, it's time to celebrate the New Year. Do you care about the lantern?! My god What happened? She dressed up strangely... And if you weren't my granddaughter, I said would be that... Fell.

- Grandpa, well, what are you talking about, business! I'm in my thirtieth week. No, really, seriously, torments you sclerosis! The Snow Maiden answered, calling laughter among the store employees and among customers.

- Oh, here you go! Oh, there is no urine – The highlight of the whole New Year's Eve! And without a husband, I look. Well, I'll tell people! Right trouble, well, shame and shame; Give me a hundred grams urgently!

- Oh, grandpa, here he is, dear, Where did it carry you? He frowned on the beautiful girl, went abroad himself! But Now, don't twist it, And ask for forgiveness! - she approached the young seller, making him embarrassed and blushing.

- No, granddaughter, wait, The conversation will be manly! Tell me to begin with: are you at least single? Well Now you can't get out of it and you must get married. We celebrate the New Year for the New Year We have been drinking for a year. We'll have a wedding right here, drink and sing together! But first, a dance for them, our dear young ones!

At this moment, the Snow Maiden dragged out the song "A Christmas Tree Was Born in the Forest", showed the others with signs, to help sing, and began to circle with an embarrassed young man. There was a bang, and the balloon simulating pregnancy burst.

- Guilty, oh, sorry! But You don't blame me. We come every one A year to congratulate the honest people. There are more than enough requests, a sensation to everyone Come on! And in order not to disappoint, I decided to give a sensation!

- Oh yes, granddaughter, oh yes, special! No, literally, well done!! Well, as for the "Bridegroom" for his work, the festive order.

"The gentleman was ardent, hot. I'll give him a gift..." - and with these words the Snow Maiden handed him a gel ball.

Then there were songs, riddles... In short, they worked out the whole scenario. Finally, we congratulated everyone on the New Year and left.

- Two more orders have been received, - The driver told them.

- Oh Lord! I can't stand it! -with A girl in the costume of the Snow Maiden said with a sigh.

- The more we work, the we'll earn more," a man in a Santa Claus costume reasonably stammered.

Soon they came out at the next store, where the same scenario was worked out one to one. Then we went to next, to the business center.

- Well, that's it! Thank God! - said the Snow Maiden, plopping down in the back seat - now to the office, to rest at least a little!

- I hasten to disappoint you, "dear," the driver said, "another store, and to the boy's apartment A four-year-old received an order from his parents.

"Good," Grandpa said Frost.

"You're kidding!" -too The Snow Maiden cried out emotionally, "We have been without respite for four hours Let's ride, I'm already exhausted!

- Nothing, after the holidays you will rest. Until next New Year.

- After the holidays, I still Work and work, even if not as a Snow Maiden. And here... there was no such agreement, that you have to work all day without a break. In addition, I have been going to the toilet for two hours Want to...

- And I would have already had a snack, - said the driver.

"You'd just like to eat." And I Still work, entertain... Oh, I'm tired!

Soon they arrived at another store, and again worked out their program.

- That's it, let's go to the apartment," said the Snow Maiden, as soon as she returned to the car, "I hope there is no more Orders.

"They haven't called yet," he replied driver.

- And rightly so. Let's work it out the last one, and to the office... Otherwise, I definitely won't be able to stand it!

"I used to be twelve hours, said Santa Claus.

- It's not about how much Hours. Here all day long from the car to the office, from the car to the store. I've been in the I want a toilet ...

- Well, if there are no orders after the apartment, then we will return to the office, - Santa Claus shared his thoughts.

- What does "If not will be, then we will return"?!!, - the Snow Maiden panicked again, "and if there is, then what? So are we going to skate without a break? Until, God forbid, I?

"Sveta, calm down," he said driver, - you will work out the last order, and in any case we will go to the office. I'm also... hungry as a beast.

- I compared it too... Eating is not poop, and you can be patient, as my grandmother used to say. But I'm definitely coming soon burst...

Five minutes later they arrived at the residential building.

- That's it, we'll work it out quickly, and leave before something bad happens to me," I warned everyone Snow maiden.

- Sveta, why are you embarrassed. Ask to go to the house," the driver advised.

"You're so smart, Volodya," she quipped.

- No, but what's the matter?

- No problem! she said, and slammed the door hard.

The door to the apartment opened.

D. Moroz: - Does he live here A young animal lover?

- Yes.

D. Moroz: - It lives here Dad's best assistant in the garage?

- Yes!

D. Moroz: - So, we Have you come to congratulate three children at once?

Snow Maiden: No, grandpa, it's all one child, and his name is Sasha.

D. Moroz: - So it is you who us so talented? I'd love to see your skills!

Snow Maiden:

- We know, to everyone's surprise, you he learned a poem. Loudly, clearly, from the heart, please us, tell us!

D. Moroz:

- The New Year is coming, Let's start a round dance! Let's stand together in a circle, sing us a song, my friend!

Everyone, including parents, drives A round dance around the Christmas tree, the child sings his favorite New Year's song, everyone joins in.

Snow Maiden:

- On New Year's Eve, both here and there, children They are waiting for a miracle again, we are in a hurry to visit my grandfather. To the smallest and largest! We carry with gifts, let the holiday be bright! Grandfather Frost

- Be kind and not sick, weak Protect, have pity. Eat well for breakfast, don't spoil and listen to your mother!

At this moment, the Snow Maiden began to to give a sign to Santa Claus, and imperceptibly, with a shadow of horror on her face, she said silently: "Finish!!!"

D. Moroz:

- Well, it's time to say goodbye. But let's not be upset - I'll come more than once, and today my order: Everyone to play and to have fun, and not to be lazy to laugh. The holiday is fun to celebrate, not to be sad and not miss!

Snow Maiden:

- New Year, which is at the door, in The house will come in like a good friend, look around quickly - how everything shines around!

D. Moroz:

- They will come to the family in the year Good luck, happiness and success in the future. And the year will be, of course, the best, beautiful, joyful for everyone!

As soon as the door slammed shut, The Snow Maiden ran headlong up the stairs, left the entrance and got into the car.

- To the office! Faster!!! -how regimental commander, she said.

She is almost hateful looked at Santa Claus, slowly coming out of the entrance.

"I'll probably upset you," The driver began from afar, - but it looks like I still need to go to order!

- Are you crazy! I'm about to I'll pee, and you tell me about the order!

- Maybe you're there Would you like to ask to go?"

"I won't think about it!! Want- Take me, even to order. At least for three orders. But I warn you that I will myself off Right there! So decide for yourself. I warned you!

- Okay, okay, dear, We go to the office.

"And quickly!"

A car with a flaunting inscription "New Year's greetings! Calling Santa Claus and Snow maiden! Carrying out corporate parties!" I was driving in the daytime city among hundreds of thousands of other cars. At that moment, on the central avenue A lot of them have accumulated, and a traffic jam has formed. The festive car was standing among them. In it, in addition to the driver, sat Santa Claus, and the poor Snow Maiden...

