A Desperate Day for Rey

Author: phoenix80803

*000*2017-05-14 22:16

A/N: Hey guys. This is day one of my week of intensive writing. I was inspired by @Who Cares?

's fanfiction and the comments said they wanted more of Rey. As a writer, who am I to deprive them of pleasure? So here is Rey, in A Desperate Day for Rey.

What should I do tomorrow? Please comment below.

(Story begins)

Rey POV

I sigh as I attach one of my Blissex heads to my Pilex driver. Another day, another ship to scavenge.

But I don’t mind. I’ve been doing this for as long as I can remember. I know these sands and I know exactly how to get the parts I want. I slide into the bow of an X-wing and start on the fuel injectors. Within minutes, I have one injector removed. And only a few more to go. I think to myself.

To keep the heat off, I have to drink water. So I stop every half an hour to an hour to take a drink of water. I always have much more water than I need. And then I get back to the fuel injectors. After another 15 minutes, I have all of them out and lying on the sand.

I start on the pistons. Because I am lying essentially on top of the X-wing, I feel a pressure on my lower abdomen. I know what this is. I have felt it so many times before. Put simply, I need a piss. And soon. But the good thing is, it’s already almost time to quit. So I brush it off and continue working.

Soon, the sun touches the horizon. I quickly realize that I should have headed back a long time ago. So I grab what I could salvage, and hop on my speeder bike. The pressure in my lower abdomen returns, stronger this time. I hope I can hold it all the way to Niima Outpost.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * *

I get to Niima Outpost just after the sun has gone down. It’s still hot, but not as hot as it was before. My bladder has filled up with all the water I drank today and it’s starting to catch up with me. I haul my stuff over to Unkar Plutt and he starts to assess it.

“Hmm… what you have brought me today is worth…” Hurry up, hurry up, hurry up… I’m about to explode here. I can feel the hot piss pushing down on my tired sphincter muscles. I subtly bounce on the balls of my feet to try and alleviate some of the pressure. This cursed belt isn’t helping either. I can feel it pushing down on my bladder.

“One portion.”

Unkar's voice startles me out of my desperation induced daze, and I lose control for a fraction of a second. I don’t leak, but it brings the raging lake inside of me to the tip of my urethra. I shuffle forward and take the portion on the counter. I am pretty sure I didn’t leak, but just to be sure, I shuffle over to one of two public restrooms in Niima Outpost. Luckily, the stall is open, so I enter as fast as I can and lock the door.

Now that I am out of public view, I start pee dancing for all I am worth. I grab my crotch with an iron grip and start doing high-knees. I let go with one hand to undo my belt. But this is unsatisfactory because I need two hands to undo it. So I brace myself, clench my sphincters with all the strength below my waist, and let go.

A wave of desperation washes over me, almost taking my control with it. I know that I have a limited time to hold without external pressure, so I undo my belt as quickly as I can and let it fall to the floor. I sigh with relief. The belt was putting more strain on my poor bladder than I thought. I stay like this just long enough to regain control then do what I came here to do. It is not to use the bathroom because as much as I would like to, there are two things stopping me. First, those things are smelly and as dirty as heck. Second, right now, it feels wrong to use the ‘right’ area to pee. I reach down into my pants to check for a wet spot.

I find one. Immediately, I panic. I thought I didn’t leak yet! But I go into my panties to double check. When I find the spot I relax and laugh at myself. Sure there’s wetness, but it’s from a different source.

Pondering, I wonder why I’m turned on by this. Oh well. Whatever the cause, it’s arousal and I can deal with that at home.

I put the belt back on, but only just tight enough so that it stays on, not enough to torture my bladder. I walk out to my speeder and begin the drive for home.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * *

It usually takes me about 30 minutes to get back home. But I have to stop after five minutes because my bladder has expanded once again and it’s digging into my belt. I consider loosening my belt, but then I would just have to keep loosening it. So I just remove it, and keep driving.

I have to stop soon after because I realize I am in danger of losing my top since most of it was held on by the belt. So I remove it. I don’t wear a bra because my tits stand on their own, so I was essentially riding topless. It was dark and no one was going to see me anyway. But if they did, I wouldn’t kill them, I would just hurt them really, really bad.

I find myself grinding my crotch into the saddle(?) of the speeder as it races across the Goazon. I have to stop though, because my thighs begin to cramp. But if I stop, it feels like all the water in the galaxy is about to come out of my hot throbbing lips.

I don’t want to ruin my clothes, because they always are a bitch to clean and I don’t have anything else. So I make another stop and take my pants off. I leave my panties on because that saddle can be a bitch to bare skin. I stow my pants with my shirt and belt and keep driving.

I grind as hard as I can into the saddle. I stop for a while when I get cramps and those few minutes are the most desperate I’ve ever felt in my entire life.

I feel a trickle leaking out of my sphincter, despite my best efforts to keep it in. I manage to clamp it off, but I stuff my right hand into my crotch, between the saddle and my damp panties. Lucky no one is out at this time of night because if they did, they would see me practically naked, and I would probably hit them, the way I’m handling this thing.

I am so in need of relief but the constant stops are stretching this drive to the maximum. I hope I can get home mostly dry...

* * * * * * * * * * * * * *

I arrive back at my AT-AT and park the speeder. My legs are trembling from the strain of keeping my waters inside my body. I have one hand permanently glued to my lower lips and with the other, I grab everything, and haul it inside.

Once inside, I drop everything and lay down on the floor. My legs are shaking too much to get into the hammock and stay there, and if I tried to get in, I would most certainly soak myself. I don’t want to relieve myself just yet, because the feeling of pee stretching my bladder and pounding at my sphincter is almost orgasmic.

I glance down toward my hand and am shocked by what I see. My bladder is stretching to its absolute limit to contain the flood within, and it juts out almost a full four inches. I gently caress my bladder and pleasure like I’ve never felt rocks my body. I slip one hand into my panties and brush past my clit to my urethra. I can feel the pee at the very tip of my pee hole and it’s driving me insane with lust.

With my middle finger I plug my urethra and with my index finger I brush my clit and with my ring finger I penetrate myself. I lost my virginity a few years ago which involved some drinking and a mistake, but now I know no man will be able to please me again. With my left hand I caress my bladder and apply some slight pressure to multiply the pleasure tenfold. I feel a spurt come out of my slit and I apply more pressure, but my second spurt tells me I should go outside before I completely drench myself.

I haul myself up and with both hands now pushing into my crotch, I make my way outside.

I sit behind one of the bends in the legs to shield me from common view. I rub my slit through my thin cotton panties with the elastic from a helmet chin strap. I rub myself until I am on the brink of orgasm… and then I can go no further. I rub as hard and as fast as I can, but no orgasm is achieved. The pressure from my bladder continues to build, so I decide to stop and hold myself.

But despite constant pressure, my muscles begin to tire. This is denoted by another spurt making it’s way out of my lips. And another. Soon, I have a slow but steady stream coming out of my aching pussy.I try to clamp it off, but my muscles refuse to respond. I shove my hand into my urethra and stop the flow by force. Now my bladder responds. It wants relief and it wants it now. My sphincters decide that the moment to relax completely is now.

I squeal as what seems like all the water on Kamino pours out of my lower lips from my tortured bladder. Almost instantaneously, the biggest orgasm of my life hits me like a speeder bike. And barely after the first, a second one hits, this time like Carbon Ridge falling on me. I yank my panties down and with the stream still falling from my desperate slit, I bring myself to orgasm no less that three more times before the stream stops.

I lay in the sand panting after my massive orgasms. I want to get back to my hammock. So I stand on wobbly legs, and take my first step forward and fall into the sand. Not because of my shaky legs, but because of the fact that my panties are still around my ankles. I remove them and decide to leave them in the AT-AT to dry.

I stumble into the living space and drop the now-saturated-with-piss panties on the ground. During the day, this thing heats up like an oven and the panties will dry in no time.

After my huge masturbation session, I drink two full canteens of water and go to my dresser to get another pair of panties for tomorrow.

Shock! My panties are all gone! Some horny teenager with a crush on me must have came and stolen them all! The bastard! Oh well. I guess I’ll just have to go commando tomorrow. I can try to make more. I lay down in my hammock naked, like I always did. It does get cold at night, but I love the cold night air on my naked pussy and swirling around my ample but firm breasts.

I fall asleep with almost a liter of water in me…

To Be Continued…

*001*2017-05-14 22:19

Note: The next chapter could be done this week or it could be done some other time. Please don't request for the next chapter because honestly, I have no idea where this is going.

*006*2017-05-17 20:09

Chapter Two! Please enjoy.

Rey’s POV

I wake up sometime after 8 o’clock. Because I had two canteens of water, and because I was sleeping on my stomach, I feel a huge wave of desperation hit. I clench my legs together and my hand almost loses feeling. I can fee the pee wanting to come rushing out of my tortured bladder, past my tired sphincters, and into my hammock, but I resist.

I wasn’t as full last night, but this doesn’t seem like too much more. I figured I could handle it.

My panties lay- MY PANTIES! THEY WERE GONE! I seethed. I couldn’t figure out how he managed to do it. If they were dry I was going to just wear them again! I franticly turned my AT-AT upside down in search of one pair of panties. No success. If I ever found out who took them, there would be hell to pay.

I sigh. Nothing I can do about it now. I decide to get dressed and start out. I start with my pants. I pull them on, and as soon as I let go they fall down to my ankles. I pull them up again and they fall to the floor once more. I sigh. I guess that my panties are made of pretty thick material after all. It would make sense that my sizing would change with and without the undergarment. So I pull my shirt on first, then my pants, then my belt.

I gasp as my bladder protests against the belt. But at the same time, I feel myself getting hornier by the second. So I tighten it another notch. And another. And another. Soon, my bladder is being compressed far beyond what it was yesterday. I can still feel my pants falling down so I hike them up further. Then I am greeted with a surprise. The seam, the rough seam of the two legs is parting everything from the waist down. I feel the seam riding into my butt. But most importantly, I can feel it separating my desperate, quivering lips and resting directly on my hot, throbbing clitoris. I walk around and it slides over my clit, driving me absolutely insane. I can literally feel myself getting wetter by the minute. It’s gonna be a good day today...

###

I climb onto my speeder, shifting slightly because of my trembling bladder. I ride through the Goazon toward the starship graveyard to start my day.

I choose to work on the X-wing I found yesterday. It seems in pretty good condition and I am able to salvage the shield generator and the flight data box. I have to crawl in there to get a good grip on the box and while I do that, a massive wave makes my urge known. I don’t think that belt is helping matters. I clench with all the strength in my pelvic floor muscles and wriggle out.

Once out, I dance around, grabbing at my crotch, grinding that seam into my clit. It drives me absolutely insane with lust. I sit on the bow of the X-wing and focus on pleasuring myself a bit. I stop before I cum. I plan to do this throughout the day and then have a massive holding/ masturbation session when I get home. I hold myself through the shear cotton and hope no one around me is close enough to see what I’m doing.

One I regain some semblance of control, I continue back into the X-wing. This must be my lucky day because there is a lot on this ship that is salvageable. But I am not concentrating on that. I am concentrating on holding all that water inside my tortured body. It’s driving me crazy with horniness. I loosen my belt one notch every half an hour or so, just to keep my bladder from getting too pressurized.

I realize that if I’m going to get home dry, well, at least from piss, then I should start heading out. I load the salvage onto my speeder, stopping occasionally to grab at my crotch. I climb onto the saddle and grinding my crotch into the saddle, I set out for Niima Outpost.

I realize that while the constant moving of the vehicle is making the hot pee inside of me slosh around, the saddle pressing up into my fanny and helping me hold.

It’s kind of a pleasurable paradox. While increasing my desperation, It is also helping me hold, and by helping me hold, it enables me to hang on for longer and gives my body time to pump more pee into my bladder. And all of this is increasing my horniness. I’ll be lucky if no one at Niima Outpost sees the evidence of my arousal.

###

I pull up next to Unkar Plutt’s concession stand with my day’s scavenge and a full bladder. I take a moment to clench my internal and external sphincters and peel my pussy off the saddle.

Immediately, the entire weight of the liquid, aided by gravity is attacking my womanly gates. With every heartbeat I feel my clit throb, my bladder clench, and my snatch moisten.

I look up and feel my sphincter give out for just an instant. There is a line to get the salvage assessed. I have no choice but to hold and get in line.

I shift from side to side, to keep my hot piss inside. I feel someone’s gaze on me from behind. I turn and see another human scavenger ogling my ass as it sways back and forth. I realize that because I had to pull my pants up so far, it rode up and showed off my luscious ass. I blush and quickly turn away.

Unkar takes a long time with the person in front of me while I am beginning to lose the battle. I haven’t been this desperate in years. I feel the smallest of drops leak into my pants, dampening my panties. I gasp slightly and clench my tired sphincters tighter.

“NEXT!” Unkar called. I shuffle forward and put the data box and the shield generator on the counter. Unkar’s eyes go wide. I don’t think he’s ever seen something like this before.

“What you have brought me today is worth...” I jiggle back and forth, giving that guy behind me quite a show. I’ll be surprised if his dick isn’t bursting out of his wrappings.

“8 portions.” I snap out of my daydream back into reality, clenching my perineum. I shuffle forward and snatch it off the counter. I REALLY need to get this belt off, or at least loosened, so I hobble as fast as I can to that bathroom once again.

Once inside, I shoot my hands to my crotch and clench as hard as I can, until I start to feel a burn in my sphincter. I redouble the pressure on my pee hole until I regain the strength to hold with my muscles and let go.

A huge wave suddenly assaults my snatch. I hop around, wiggling my butt and undo my belt a few notches. Immediately, my bladder begins to settle. I leave it on loosely and walk out.

I see that guy from before staring at me as I leave. I wink cheekily at him before walking away with a more prominent sway in my hips than before. Not to tease him, but to help all the hot pee stay in and not come sizzling out like yesterday. I climb onto my bike and drive away.

I stop soon after Niima Outpost disappears over the horizon. By this time, my bladder has expanded even more than yesterday. It almost starts to feel like I’m on the edge of control. So I stop and remove everything from the waist up and continue on my way. I am grinding into the saddle, but despite that, I leaked the smallest of drops into my pants. I doubled over and tried to keep it in with mixed results. After another 10 minutes, another dribble leaks out. I am only 5 minutes from home, so I remove my pants to avoid soiling them.

The heat from the saddle, combined with the weight of my overly full bladder on my trembling pussy, combined with my already-peaking arousal makes the temptation to grind on the saddle until I come almost unbearable.

Finally, I give into my lust. I grind as hard as I can onto the saddle. I feel my arousal increasing toward my orgasm... and then it stops. I keep grinding, harder, faster, but nothing works. Whenever I did let go, I was going to be rocked by multiple orgasms.

I go over a particularly large sand dune and when I come down, I jolt down and my crotch moistens with another spurt of pee and it pools beneath me. I stuff a hand into my crotch and sit on it to keep the waters within me there. But that leak was too tempting for my body and it expels another spurt, this one longer than the last.

I can see my AT-AT a few miles off so I gun the throttle and speed forward. The sudden acceleration jolts my bladder once again and I spurt for all of two seconds before regaining control. The saddle is getting wet from all the pee and arousal juice beneath me. I can feel my clit throbbing against the saddle in the warmth of the the bodily fluids.

I pull up next to the AT-AT with my slit spurting uncontrollably. One spurt every five seconds, each a split second long. I grind into my hand and prepare myself to get off the speeder. I will have to separate my legs to get off and lift myself off. I clamp my sphincter and perineum as hard as I can and lift one leg.

As soon as my leg leaves it’s previous position, I begin leaking, slowly but steadily. I freeze and try to stop it, but it just keeps going. I get off the speeder as fast as I can and as soon as both feet are on the ground the floodgates open.

Hot steaming piss streams down my long, muscular legs. My labia are visibly trembling from the effort of containing all the water inside for so long.

I sink to my knees and my hand shoots to my clit. In a few short strokes I am rocked by another orgasm, stronger than even yesterday. Like the Super Star Destroyer falling from the sky on top of my vagina. I penetrate myself with my long, slender middle finger and produce another orgasm.

I collapse face first into the sand, my hand still buried in my snatch.

To Be Continued

*009*2017-05-18 01:40

Thank you Who Cares. Your praise warms my heart. I really am doing these on the fly with no clear direction in mind.

*011*2017-05-18 05:17

The way I am thinking right now, this may overlap and cause some conflicts within the canon universe. Does anyone have a problem with this?

*020*2017-05-20 04:28

{{5 hours ago, randomkath said:

Are you actively trying to appease all my fetishes at once?

}}

Maybe you and I just share the same fetishes. :)

{{4 hours ago, randomrobot007 said:

Really love this story can't wait for more awesomeness

}}

Thanks for the encouragement.

New chapter will hopefully be out soon!

