Story Excerpt from a Work In Progress

Author: PrincessOmo

*000*2022-09-21 22:58

Note: This is an excerpt from a much larger piece of fiction that I'm working on and is posted elsewhere. The story in of itself isn't all about omo and wetting but one of the scenes I wrote. It is not as in detail as I'd like it to be, but since I'm posting this story for general (adult) audiences and erotica I have to be somewhat careful how much detail I put into it. Despite that I hope it is enjoyed and maybe if it is, I'll write something specifically for here with much more detail.

###

“I still have to-”

“I heard you the first time, darlin, and I do not like repeated attempts at begging. It’s pathetic.” He warned. She nodded, starting to realize that it was probably why Mickey hadn’t said anything about the same predicament he was more than likely in. Either something would be done about it or nothing would. He slipped his hand into his back pocket and pulled out a key which he used to unlock one of the cuffs from her wrists before pulling her to her feet. She was then turned and he locked her wrist back in place again before slapping her across the ass. “There are a few things you need to learn, I'm afraid and I can’t make too much of a mess in this cabin. Leaving evidence and all is not how I’m going to stay a free man. Besides, I’m sure you’ll appreciate a nice little walk in the fresh air now won’t you?”

“Yes, Daddy.” She agreed quickly, not wanting to anger him. He took her by the arm again and started to pull her out of there, towards the stairs. It wasn’t easy to walk as fast as he wanted her to and she tripped over her feet a few times as they went. If this was bothering him, he didn’t let on to it as he was practically dragging her through the house and out through the sliding back doors in the room she once called her own. He shoved her forward onto the grass in her bare feet and she stumbled before regaining her balance and turning to look at him. He approached her and motioned ahead of them towards the trees.

“Start walking.” He said. She almost started to protest this, since she was barefoot and it was going to hurt walking into the forest like that but she realized it was probably the point so she did as she was told. He stayed right behind her, close enough that she could feel his breath on the back of her neck as they moved. She considered running but she didn’t know where she was or even what direction to go. Depending how long he’d been out there he’d do a much better job chasing her down than she’d do running away. She knew she’d have to look for a far better escape route than that.

After a few minutes of walking they came to a bit of a clearing with a large tree stump in the middle. There was an eye bolt in the center of it which she was pulled to. One of the cuffs was detached from her wrist then locked around the bolt. This left her leaning forward, bent at the waist and kind of resting on the top of the flat surface of the trunk since she was a lot shorter than him and it had been a very large tree. He got behind her and shoved her shirt up enough to expose her back. She shivered in the chilly morning air of the fall day which was deceptively sunny for how cold it actually was.

“Scream all you want out here, no one’s gonna hear it, darlin.” He said. She turned to look over her shoulder at him but he only grabbed her head and forced it back to a forward position so she was staring at the trees in front of her. “No one told you to look at me, but…I will tell you if you’re a good girl for Daddy you’ll get the relief you want once he’s finished.”

“T-Thank you.” She whispered, assuming he was talking about letting her use the bathroom. This wasn’t really new to her either, she’d been in situations where everything about her was controlled, even when and where she was able to piss. Though she didn’t want to do anything like that with him, it at least made the situation easier on her, having been through it before. She closed her eyes and tried to relax as much as possible as she heard him moving around her. Branches snapping under his feet. She only became concerned when things got silent. Her body started to shake and moments later without any warning she was struck across the back.

She screamed and jerked, pulling at her restraints tightly. He must have cut a switch from somewhere around there when she couldn’t see what he had been doing. He struck her again, and again, each time harder than the last. She could feel her skin opening with cuts from the impact of the branch. He was relentless with it too, never striking in the same spot, never with any sort of warning. Just over and over as she writhed in agony, crying out and praying that he’d run out of energy sometime soon. Her fear and pain only fueled the arousal she was feeling and the awkward position was putting a strain on her legs and back but she couldn’t properly move away or collapse, to do anything about it.

By the time he had decided he was finished with this little activity, she was burning hot and sweating from the torture. Her body was shivering with pain and yet, even still, she found herself attempting to rub against the bark of the tree for some type of stimulation. Her orgasm was close, far more than she wanted it to be but she was desperate. Why did he have to stop? If he’d continued she could have hidden it in a scream but it was almost like he knew…or had figured it out. He came around to the front of her so she could see him again, getting down at her level to make eye contact with her.

“You took that very well,” He said, “Don’t think I can’t see what you’re doing either. I don’t quite understand how you ended up here but I think we’re going to have fun with it. Aren’t we?”

“Fuck…you.” She panted.

“Yes that is the plan of sorts. Eventually.” He replied sounding amused, “Now, piss yourself for Daddy.”

“W-what?” She panted.

“Darling girl were you not listening when I told you about not repeating myself?” He sighed then stood up. He started to walk behind her and she screamed, out, not knowing or wanting to know what he planned to do since she hadn’t immediately listened to his order. Mickey was right about that and she was going to have to do a much better job than she was doing.

“I-I’m sorry…please I’m sorry Daddy I’ll…I’ll do what you want.” She spat out, trying to turn again just to get a glimpse of what he thought he was going to do.

“HEAD FORWARD!” He roared at her and she whined but did as he wanted, turning to look back as directed, not wanting to incur his wrath more than she had. She felt a hand strike her ass roughly causing her to scream again, her throat raw and aching from the effort. “I’m not going to tell you again.” She closed her eyes and with a terribly humiliated sob she did the only thing she could, she stopped trying to hold her bladder and let herself go. It wasn’t easy at first but once she started she wasn’t able to stop. It seemed to go on forever, but probably only because she knew she was being watched and that fucking pervert was getting his rocks off to it. As she finished, she laid there shivering, covered in blood and her own urine, helpless to move from where she had been restrained.

“There…I…I’ve finished…sir.” She said bitterly through clenched teeth.

“Good.” He said and slapped her ass again, “Now, I need to go deal with that little problem of mine in the basement so you’ll just have to wait here for a bit. If you even think about making yourself cum before I get back just know you’ll regret it. I’m onto your little masochistic streak. You did well trying to hide it though.”

“What? You’re leaving?”

“Did I stutter?” He snapped, “You’ll be fine out here for a while, and perhaps laying in your own filth will force you to realize who’s really in charge here. I’ll be back. Don’t you worry. There’s still so much to be done with a treasure like you.”

“Please…please don’t fucking leave me like this…please!” She screamed. Though it seemed to be too late. As tempted as she was to glance over her shoulder to see if he had left, she didn’t. The silence was all she really needed to confirm that anyway and if he caught her disobeying him she didn’t want to consider what else might be in store for her. That didn’t stop her from screaming and kicking her legs angrily, frustrated about the predicament that she’d been left in. Alone, cold, suffering, and painfully horny she had no choice but to lay there and take it. There was no doubt in her mind he’d be back sooner rather than later and she couldn’t help but at least partially look forward to it as much as it sickened her to know that eventually from all of this pain would at least come a brief moment of pleasure.

*002*2022-09-24 05:53

{{13 hours ago, pguy69 said:

I think this is great writing, and I enjoyed it greatly. Maybe a bit of topic on here, so you will get limited response, but I would love to read something from you more detailed and omo related, particularly exploring desperation, if that is your thing?

}}

Desperation is definitely my thing. I have written more stuff, much more (and in detail) but it's also fan fiction which I'm not sure anyone would be interested in though really the whole basis of these stories that I wrote are PWP (porn without plot) so its not as if you'd actually have to watch or know the show/characters to understand what is going on in them. I just don't want to post that and confuse people? I don't mind posting them, though, if no one cares what the actual "Subject" is about. I know people read my fan fiction even if they have no idea what the show is (I get a lot of feedback saying as much on other websites) so that would be up to you. I could always send it privately to you if you're interested.

*004*2022-10-02 05:40

{{On 9/25/2022 at 11:11 AM, pguy69 said:

Yes, I am very interested! My DMs are always open here, please do feel free to message me privately on there. I would love to read anything you have, especially now that I know you like detailed desperation!

}}

Hi sorry I'm late to reply I've been busy (and also dealing with some chronic pain issues) but I will DM you with what I have once I'm allowed to, since I'm new it seems there's still restrictions on my account but I'm interested in sharing it just might take a bit.

