A Desperate Smash 2: Witch Time!

Author: PPP

*000*2017-01-01 04:54

Rejected title: A Desperate Smash 2: Umbran Boogaloo

So anyway a while ago I posted this story https://omorashi.org/topic/30051-a-desperate-smash/

And someone posed the idea for a sequel starring Bayonetta. I liked this idea, but for months I had severe writer's block. Now, it's finally here. Enjoy!

###

In New York City, there were plenty of good bars. From high-class establishments to rundown crook havens, there was something for everyone. But only one bar doubled as a portal to the realm of Inferno. This was The Gates of Hell.

Bayonetta smiled as she sipped her wine. Simple pleasures like this, she observed, were truly some of the best things in life. Still, nothing got her worked up quite like a good fight. And if things went according to plan, the Umbran Witch would have the brawl of her life before the night was done… She sucked down the last drop and looked over the other patrons of The Gates of Hell. Samus, galactic bounty hunter. Captain Falcon, famed F-Zero racer. Solid Snake, legendary soldier of fortune. Lucina, princess of Ylisse. And Palutena, goddess of light. Hopefully, one of them would be able to help her...

A baritone laugh chased the thoughts from her head. Bayonetta saw Rodin, fallen angel and founder and owner of the bar, surveying the crew she had assembled.

“I gotta say,” he chuckled as he handed her another shot, “these are some weird friends you’ve made. And I’ve seen plenty of weird shit in my time.”

“Language,” Captain Falcon admonished. It was hard to tell behind his shades, but Bayonetta was pretty sure Rodin rolled his eyes at that.

Samus strode over to her and playfully punched her shoulder.

“You were right, Bay. This place is the best.”

Bayonetta smirked. “Thought I told you not to call me that, Sammy.” She looked at the others finishing their drinks. “Enough pleasure. Time for business.”

Bayonetta clapped her hands twice. “Ladies and gentlemen,” she announced. “I suppose you’re all wondering why I brought you here.” She pulled out and unfolded a flyer. Bright colors and capital letters adorned it.

100-MAN SMASH!

TONIGHT @ 9:00

ACTION! PRIZES! DANGER!

Bring a partner

She passed the flyer around.

“I do love a good brawl,” she said, “and this sounds simply... smashing.” Snake groaned at the bad pun, but Bayonetta payed him no heed.

“I was hoping,” she continued, “that one of you would agree to be my partner for this. Rest assured, I’ll make it worth your while. Do I have any takers?”

Samus shook her head.

“Sorry, Bayonetta, but I’m busy tonight.”

“Me too,” said Captain Falcon. “I’ve got a race to win.”

“You know I’m sitting this tournament out,” growled Snake. “I’m just here to watch.”

“I cannot fight beside you,” Lucina explained, “because I have a date tonight.”

“Same here,” added Palutena. The two women looked at each other and smiled.

“Dammit,” said Bayonetta as she set down her wine glass. “It seems I arranged this little tea party for no reason.” She scowled and turned to leave when she heard Palutena speak.

“Wait, I just remembered: Pit’s available. I’m sure he’ll help you if you ask.”

“Pit?” Bayonetta repeated. She remembered the last time they had clashed. The angel had blushed so hard… The Umbran Witch gave a wicked grin.

“Thank you, goddess. I’m not even going to have to ask.”

Back in her guest room at the Smash Mansion, Bayonetta stood nude before a full-length mirror. She let out an incantation and her hair wrapped around her figure, forming a skintight bodysuit. Bayonetta experimented with a few different colors before deciding to stick with basic black. After all, nothing beat the classics. Suitably dressed, she strode down the halls of the mansion to Pit’s room. She rapped her knuckles on the door.

“Just a minute!” came the call from inside. The door opened and there stood Pit, clad in his usual white toga. He gulped nervously when he saw who was at his door. “C-can I help you?”

“Why, yes,” said Bayonetta seductively, leaning in close. “I need a partner for 100-Man Smash, and I’d just love it if you would join me.”

“Okay,” said Pit, backing away. “Just let me grab my gear.” He dashed back into his room.

Bayonetta smiled to herself. Poor little angel, she thought. This is going to be fun.

As she contemplated what exactly to do with her partner, she felt a small unease in her midsection. She had been so busy preparing that she hadn’t had a chance to relieve herself after all those drinks. Never mind, thought Bayonetta. I can take care of that after the fight.

9:00 finally came and the portal appeared to take the fighters to battle. Bayonetta yawned.

“About time,” she said. She leaned in close to Pit, who was looking decidedly nervous.

“What’s the matter, scared?”

“No,” said Pit, backing away, red in the face. “I just, uh…” Before he could say another word, Bayonetta grabbed him and jumped through the portal. In an instant, the fighters were teleported to the Battlefield stage. Drawing their weapons, they waited for the Fighting Miis to spawn.

“There’s one!” cried Pit suddenly, pointing. Sure enough, a Mii had materialized on one of the floating platforms, a blank look on its face. Not emotionless, it literally had no features whatsoever. It drew its sword and dashed for Pit, who was prepared to counterattack when Bayonetta pushed him aside.

“Let me handle this,” she chided, preparing one of her Wicked Weave attacks. Hair flew from her bodysuit and formed the colossal fist of Madama Butterfly, pummelling the Mii Fighter. Given that part of her bodysuit formed the attack, quite a bit of Bayonetta’s body was left exposed. This was exactly what she was counting on. She looked to her side and smirked when she saw Pit turn bright red and hastily attempt to stop staring. She laughed out loud when his distraction caused him to take a small blow from a Mii Brawler.

It is ever so much fun being a tease, she thought. Still, I suppose I should help him.

Bayonetta drew her guns and fired a volley of shots at the Miis who were currently harassing Pit. They didn’t do much damage, but the stun allowed Pit to finish them off, sending them flying into the distance in a flash of light.

“T-thanks for that,” said Pit, checking his damage levels.

“Don’t rest easy just yet, angel,” warned Bayonetta. “There’s more coming.”

Sure enough, more Miis were spawning in to replace their fallen brethren.

“You take the left side,” said Bayonetta as she kicked a Mii representation of Waluigi, “and I’ll handle everything over here.”

On her command, Pit rushed towards a trio of Miis and sent them sprawling with a swing from his Upperdash Arm. A downward smash attack finished them off.

The angel’s got talent, thought Bayonetta as she fought off a seemingly never-ending wave of Miis. She was in the midst of a combo when she felt a pressure building in her bladder. She tried to ignore it but she could feel it getting worse.

Come on, she thought, try to think of something else. Think of the battle. Your punches. Your combos. How they flow into one another. Yes… flow… like water…

Bayonetta caught her train of thought just in time. She winced as she felt a few drops of urine leak out of her. Try as she might, Bayonetta could deny it any longer: she really had to pee. Worse, it was affecting her combat performance. Her desperation distracted her from her opponents, who kept sneaking hits in. Seeing her damage percentage rising, Bayonetta cleared them out with a Wicked Weave. As she did, another wave of desperation came over her. She quickly crossed her long legs in an attempt to hold back the flood. It was working, but Bayonetta couldn’t very well fight in this position. And she had no doubt she would wet herself if she uncrossed her legs.

“Pit!” cried Bayonetta. “I need your help over here!”

“I’m on it!” Pit replied. He rushed in and took out one of Bayonetta’s foes with a dash attack, then raised his Guardian Orbitars to shield them from damage. Momentarily safe, he charged up a smash attack as more Miis closed in. With perfect timing, the attack launched just after the barrier fell. Before the Miis could react, Pit’s blades slammed into them and sent them off-stage.

“Just one left!” said Pit with relief.

Good, thought Bayonetta. Once this battle’s over I can finally take a piss.

She backed Pit up with her pistols as the angel slashed at the final opponent. Finally, a smash attack launched the Mii into the distance.

“NEW RECORD!” cried out a jubilant voice from nowhere.

“Yes! We did it!” cried Bayonetta. She grabbed Pit and kissed him on the cheek. The angel spluttered and blushed as the witch pulled away and grinned to herself.

Mission accomplished, she thought. The fight’s won, I’ve had my fun teasing Pit, and I’ll be able to relieve myself as soon as the portal back appears.

Indeed, Bayonetta’s bladder had never felt so full in her life. Her peehole burned as her waters begged to be released. She jammed her hands between her legs as she fidgeted. Where was that damn portal?

Seconds ticked by into agonizing minutes and the portal still hadn’t appeared. Bayonetta’s desperation was getting worse and worse. She never thought anyone could have to pee so badly. By now she had progressed past simply holding her crotch and was now bouncing back and forth on the balls of her heels and biting her lip. She wanted nothing more than to relieve her bladder, to let it all out. She-

“Hey, are you okay?” Pit interrupted Bayonetta’s thoughts. “You’re dancing around all funny; it’s almost like you have to-”

“I’m fine, you annoying little angel,” she snapped; her full bladder making her testy. Without thinking, she took a step away from Pit, uncrossing her legs and thus removing the last thing holding back her urine.

Time seemed to slow down as a mortified Bayonetta felt her bladder finally let go. She knew from experience how hard it was to get stains out of her hair-suit and her flood of pee would ruin it completely. There was only one thing for her to do…

With a quick incantation, Bayonetta’s suit flew away from her groin, allowing her stream to splatter on the ground. She couldn’t help but moan with relief and pleasure as a powerful torrent of pee flowed out of her. This simple action of relieving herself after so long was probably the most satisfying sensation she had felt in her life. She closed her eyes and listened to the loud hiss of her pee and the splatter as it landed on the ground. After a full minute, Bayonetta’s bladder was finally drained. The last few golden drops fell into the massive puddle of urine between her legs and she wrapped her suit back around her privates.

It was then that Bayonetta noticed Pit staring at her, wide-eyed and red-faced. Seeing this, the Umbran Witch turned red as well. While she was used to showing off her body, nobody had watched her relieve herself before. It felt compromising, and she was used to being the one in control.

“Like what you saw?” snapped Bayonetta.

“I-I, uh, well, I, uh,” Pit spluttered, “I’ve… never seen a lady pee before. I, uh, didn’t think you could hold that much.” It didn’t seem possible, but both he and Bayonetta turned redder at that. Pit crossed his legs beneath his toga.

“N-now I need to pee too.”

Bayonetta’s eyes lit up.

“Aw, does Pit have to piss?” she teased, her confidence returning.

“Y-yeah,” the angel admitted as he fidgeted. “I really gotta go!”

“Go right ahead,” said Bayonetta. “There’s nobody stopping you.”

“I-I can’t go with you watching!”

“Oh, come now,” Bayonetta chided, leaning in close and grinning wickedly. “I showed you mine, now you show me yours.”

Pit moaned in desperation, reluctantly lifted his toga and pulled out his penis. He sighed in relief as he peed a high arc off the side of the platform, disappearing into the infinite void below.

“My, my, quite impressive,” purred Bayonetta into Pit’s ear, savoring his embarrassment. “I wish I could do it standing up like that.”

After a while, Pit’s stream died down. He shook the remaining drops off his penis and turned to Bayonetta.

“That was so humiliating,” moaned the angel. “Are you happy now?”

“Chin up, cherub,” said Bayonetta. “You saw me piss and I saw you piss; we’re even now.”

Behind Pit, she saw the portal finally appear. “And besides,” she continued, “I had fun here. You certainly know how to show a lady a good time. Here’s a little token of my appreciation.” Bayonetta kissed Pit again, a real kiss this time, long and hard on the mouth.

“Let’s do it again sometime,” she whispered in his ear as she pulled away. Pit looked as if he was about to faint. Chuckling to herself, Bayonetta strode through the portal.

It is ever so much fun being a tease.

(The end, hope you all enjoyed, sorry it took so long and Happy New Year!)

