Omovember 2020: Day 17

Author: PPP

*000*2020-11-19 04:30

$$

It's kinda funny. Harley, Ivy and Catwoman starred in my first omo story nearly six years ago. Now, I'm revisiting them. Harley and Ivy already starred in Day 2, so let's check in with our cat burglar.

###

Day 17: Relieving themselves in a potted plant Catwoman (DC Comics)

###

The nights in Gotham City were long and dark, no matter the time of year. That suited Selina Kyle, better known as Catwoman, just fine. The cover of darkness allowed her to pull off some of her greatest heists.

And if I’m lucky, she thought, tonight’s will be one of them.

Selina was currently perched on the seventh-story windowsill of an old apartment building. The building itself was run down and in dire need of repair, but it was what was on the inside that mattered. Nobody would ever suspect that such a dump could hide a fortune. But rumor on the streets said that was just what Sam LePailey was doing. Apparently, the reclusive millionaire was keeping a safe full of cash in a room he had rented long-term. Selina wasn’t sure why, but she knew the money would soon be hers.

Using the sharpened claws of her costume, Selina pried the window open and slipped inside. She found herself inside a large study, and her first thought was that she was in the wrong room. There was nothing to indicate that a man of wealth occupied it, no fancy suits lying around or empty bottles of champagne. Instead, there were dozens and dozens of potted plants of all shapes and sizes.

“What the hell?” Selina muttered. She went over the building’s layout in her head one more time.

I’m in the right room, she realized. This must be some kind of bizarre attempt to hide the money. Well, it’s not going to work!

Slowly and methodically, Selina began to sweep the room. She checked under the bed, searched the closets, and even rolled up the cheap carpets to examine the floorboards. Yet she didn’t find even a single penny.

“Dammit!” she hissed. “Where’s he hiding it all?” Her gaze turned to the numerous plants. She grabbed the nearest one and dug through the soil, but still she found nothing.

It’s gotta be in one of these! she thought. This could take a while…

After several minutes of searching potted plants, Selina was beginning to get fed up. The air in the apartment was hot and musty, her hands were caked with dirt, and the scent of all the plants was overpowering.

And, Selina realized, feeling a pressure in her midsection, I could use a bathroom break. She hadn’t taken the time to pee before setting out on her heist, and now she was starting to regret it. Her skintight leather suit wasn’t good for a full bladder.

Never mind that, she told herself. Just find the money, then find a restroom.

Feeling her urge to pee getting worse, Selina searched ever more frantically. She tore through the potted plants, sending soil flying everywhere. Yet not one of them contained the promised riches. Frustrated beyond belief, Selina finally came to the last plant, a shrub she couldn’t identify in a pot the size of a toilet bowl.

Don’t think about toilets, she told herself as her bladder throbbed. She got down on her knees and sifted through the soil. Once again, Selina came up empty-handed. She growled in rage and frustration.

All this time and effort wasted! she fumed. And I still need to pee! Wait… that gives me an idea.

Grinning wickedly, Selina unzipped her suit and let it fall down around her ankles. The air chilled her; she wasn’t wearing anything underneath. Selina bent her knees and backed up, hovering her rear end about a foot over the large pot.

“Well, Mr. LePailey,” she sneered, “here’s what I think of your plants!” She felt her urine flow through her, then out onto the soil with a loud splattering sound. Selina laughed and shook her hips to really give the shrub a good soaking. It felt good, both to relieve herself after so long and to get revenge on the man who wasted her time.

Selina was still in mid-pee when she heard a lock click. Before she could react, several things happened at once. The door flew open, a female voice shouted harshly, and vines wrapped around Selina’s ankles and hoisted her into the air. Hanging upside-down, she could feel the rest of her pee trickling down her naked body. She turned her head, trying not to get it in her eyes or mouth.

“Who dares,” growled the female voice, “to enter- wait. Selina?” The lights came on, revealing the speaker: Poison Ivy.

“What the hell is going on?” asked Ivy. Upside-down, naked, and covered in her own pee, Selina blushed as she realized how strange she must have looked.

“I thought Sam LePailey was renting this place,” she said.

“What? No!” Ivy replied. “I’m using this room to grow my plants. Sam LePailey was just an alias.”

“No hidden fortune then?” Selina groaned. “Ivy, why didn’t you tell me this earlier?”

“Well, you never asked,” said Ivy with a shrug.

“Okay, lesson learned,” said Selina. “Now will you please let me down?”

Ivy huffed. “After you tore up my precious plants? After you peed on one of them?”

“Hey, I was just watering it,” Selina offered weakly. She felt the vines tighten. “Okay, you’re not in the mood for jokes. I’m sorry. Please, just let me go.” The vines retracted, and she fell to the floor in a heap. Selina got to her feet and pulled her suit back up, wincing at the pee stains all over her.

“I let you off easy this time,” Ivy warned her, “but you’d better not try anything like this again. Otherwise, I’ll show you what else I can do with vines…”

“Point taken,” Selina assured her. “From now on, I’ll stick to the litter box.”

###

For anyone wondering who Sam LePailey is, check out Poison Ivy's real name...

