Daring to wet

Author: poodle21

*000*2025-10-05 02:54

We were pretty drunk by then. Fortunately everyone else had drifted off back to their rooms or elsewhere into the night and only the two of us were left on the narrow strip of sand that the hotel called their private beach. The twilight hid the dirty coloured sand and rickety plastic sunbeds but for us, giddy with drink and high spirits, it was perfect.

We were laughing. I'd admitted to needing to pee. She dared me to do it in my shorts. Initially I had pretended to be shocked and disgusted, until I saw her expression clouded with uncertainty. Then her mouth was agape and eyes wide as I wet my pants right in front her. Surprise turned to delight as she felt my wet shorts and my excitement grew by the closeness of her fingertips to my skin and her breath on my face.

She said that made her need to go too. I dared her to pee on my face, wanting to up the ante. I sat on a sunbed, pulled her close. I lay back and told her to get on too, and kneel astride me. Again, a note of apprehension as I looked up to her face, framed by her hair falling down towards me. Did I really mean it? With my encouragement she shuffled forward until the hem of her short skirt was brushing my forehead and i could feel her body heat on my face. I smelled her perfume.

Now, in the gloom I take in the smooth skin of her thighs, the contours of her crotch, her yellow panties, a few dark pubic hairs poking out from behind the white lace trim. I am conscious of my own wetness, the beating of my heart, while above me her movements match the sound of her breathing.

The yellow mound in front of my eyes changes shape slightly, then is still. Suddenly a dark spot appears, and spreads outwards for a fraction of a second. I hear her gasp softly and exhale, the the dark patch spreads further, and a bead of moisture appears on the surface. Drips fall onto my nose and cheek, catching me by surprise, and then suddenly her hot stream is pouring onto my face. It is running down both sides of my face, going into my nose and my ears and my hair. I open my mouth to take a breath and reflexively close it again as the liquid splashes past my lips. The smell is not unpleasant. It is intimate and arousing.

My eyes are closed but as the torrent slows I open them, to observe the dark yellow fabric, shining with wetness. There is a curve separating dark and wet from pale and dry. A last drip hits me and rolls down my cheek. She moans and reaches her finger tips down to feel her wet panties, her knuckle brushing the tip of my nose. She touches herself, slides a finger tip back between the folds of wet cloth and I see her tense. She likes it, and so do I.

