Omovember 2020: Day 25

Author: PPP

*000*2020-11-27 04:29

I know I already did a Street Fighter story, but when I saw the word "fighting" in the prompt, this immediately popped into my head.

###

Day 25: Fighting for the toilet Cammy + Juri (Street Fighter)

###

Cammy White, codenamed Killer Bee, led a busy life. When the blonde beauty wasn’t undertaking top-secret missions for MI6, she was going up against the world’s greatest warriors in annual fighting tournaments. She was currently taking part in the latter, squaring off against the feral fighter known as Necali. The duel had been going on for some time, and both combatants were getting worn down.

“Gotcha!” screeched Necali, launching himself at Cammy in a frenzy. She managed to dodge at the last second and flattened him with a punch to the jaw.

“K.O!” announced the referee as Necali fell.

“Too easy,” Cammy scoffed, dusting off her green leotard. Still, the fight had left her sore and sweaty.

I need a shower, she thought. Then she felt a jolt run through her midsection. And I need a wee.

Cammy headed towards the women’s locker room to take care of both her needs. But when she got there, a horrible sight met her eyes.

A long line of female fighters snaked towards a single toilet stall. Cammy spotted Sakura, R. Mika and Chun-Li, plus several she didn’t recognize. All of the women had varying degrees of desperation on their faces, and a few were openly holding themselves. She heard a toilet flush, and a woman in green pants and a bikini top stepped out of the stall.

“Ah, much better!” she sighed. She had barely exited when Sakura rushed in, slamming the door behind her. Cammy cringed as she heard the splashing noise of Sakura relieving herself.

“What’s going on here?” Cammy asked the woman in green.

“All the other toilets are out of service,” she replied.

“You’re joking,” groaned Cammy.

“Afraid not,” said the woman. “You’ll just have to wait.” Cammy crossed her legs and held herself as the line inched forward, the contents of her bladder begging to be released.

“Aah!” came a cry from in front of her, making her jump. The speaker was R. Mika, a buxom blonde in a skimpy blue wrestling costume. “I can’t take this any more! I’m going to the men’s room!”

She must be truly desperate, thought Cammy, watching her run out the door. She herself was in a similar situation, but found she just couldn’t bring herself to use the other bathroom. Instead, Cammy just waited, being tortured by the noises of relief from the other women.

At long last, Chun-Li exited the stall, looking like she had just made it. Finally, Cammy was at the front of the line. Heart pounding and bladder throbbing in anticipation, she headed for the stall door. But before she could get there, Cammy felt someone shove up against her.

“Excuse me,” said the newcomer. “Gotta go!”

“Well, so do I!” snipped Cammy. “Why do you think I- Juri!”

“It’s been a long time, kitten,” said Juri. Cammy’s long-time rival was wearing a skintight purple bodysuit, an eyepatch, and a look of intense desperation. “Now move aside; I’m about to piss myself here.”

“No!” Cammy shouted. “I’m willing to wager I’m just as desperate as you are. Besides, I got here first. You’ll have to wait your turn.”

“You’re going to make me beg, aren’t you?” Juri moaned. “Fine. Please let me!”

“No,” said Cammy firmly. She reached for the door, but Juri shot out a hand to stop her.

“I-I’ll fight you for it,” gasped Juri, dancing back and forth with a look of panic on her face. “Winner gets the toilet.”

“Are you out of your mind?” asked Cammy. Once again she reached for the door, but this time Juri was more direct. She grabbed Cammy and threw her against the wall. The blonde winced as she felt the impact knock a few drops of pee out of her.

“Come on, kitten,” Juri taunted, dropping into a fighting stance. “Let me have it!”

“Fine!” growled Cammy. Her bladder had reached its limit, and if she had to fight Juri in order to empty it, then so be it. She lashed out with a roundhouse kick, knocking Juri into the stall door.

“Now let me through!” Cammy ordered.

“Never!” cried Juri. She jumped up and attacked with a jump kick, striking Cammy in the gut and causing even more urine to leak into her leotard.

“Hey, that’s fighting dirty!” Cammy shouted. “Well, if that’s how you want to play…” She ducked under Juri’s next kick and retaliated with a punch aimed at her bulging bladder. Juri gasped in shock, and Cammy felt a sort of thrill in causing her rival to leak.

Now we’re even, she thought.

The two women stepped back, glaring at each other. Cammy was about to strike when she felt another spurt of pee escape, stronger than the ones that had come before. She looked down and saw a small trickle running down her leg. Juri laughed, but then a look of shock crossed her face and she shoved her hands between her legs.

“Juri, truce,” Cammy begged. “I can’t fight any more; I’m about to wet myself!”

“Same,” Juri admitted. “Truce accepted.”

“What are we going to do?” moaned Cammy.

“Only one option,” said Juri. “We use it together.”

“No way!” Cammy protested. “How will we both fit?”

“Look, it’s a squat toilet,” said Juri, opening the door. “You go on one end, I’ll go on the other.”

“But I-” Cammy felt another leak and realized there was no other option. “Fine. Just don’t stare.”

The two of them ran into the stall and squatted on opposite ends of the toilet. Her face red, Cammy pulled aside the crotch of her leotard.

“Well, well,” Juri purred, her bodysuit completely removed, “looks like you’re a natural blonde.”

“Juri, please,” Cammy huffed. She closed her eyes and relaxed her bladder. A torrent of pee gushed from between her legs, with such force that droplets sprayed her hands. It hit the porcelain with a hiss and a splash, a sound that was echoed as Juri also started peeing.

As Cammy’s urine flowed out, a sense of glorious relief flowed through her. She couldn’t help but let out a little sigh of pleasure. The noises coming from Juri, on the other hand, were nothing short of orgasmic.

“Haahh… so good,” she moaned, panting heavily. Cammy opened her eyes despite herself, and saw that Juri’s face was red and sweaty.

“Sneaking a peak?” laughed Juri, still peeing like a waterfall. “I don’t blame you; I did too.”

Embarrassed, Cammy turned away to finish her pee in peace.

After what felt like an eternity, Cammy’s bladder was finally empty. The noises from Juri ceased as well. Both of them wiped, stood up, and got dressed. For a while, there was an awkward silence between them. Then Juri spoke up.

“Thanks, kitten,” she said, sounding sincere. “You don’t know how badly I needed that.”

“Actually, I think I do,” said Cammy. “That was a close call.”

“Glad it worked out,” said Juri.

“Hmph,” Cammy snorted. “Next time, I hope we won’t have to fight in order to relieve ourselves.”

“Sure thing,” Juri agreed. “Besides, I’ll have plenty of chances to fight you in the tournament. And I’m going to win!”

“Not on your life,” Cammy responded. The two glared at each other again, but a silent agreement passed between them: this time, they would save the fighting for the ring.

###

