The Photoshoot

Author: poodle21

*000*2025-05-16 04:41

The building looked dark and deserted from the outside. Was this the right place? Allie checked the text message and confirmed this was the building she was told to come to, and it *was* the art and photography department. But she knew she was late. She imagined them sighing and cursing her for not turning up, and them going home early. She tried the door and was surprised that it was unlocked. Stepping into the silent building, the overhead fluorescent lights flickered on along the corridor. Allie looked both ways, trying to decide which way to go. Hearing faint voices from the direction ahead, she started towards them, conscious of her shoes squeaking on the vinyl floor. Reading the names on the doors, one with "TOILET" stenciled in white letters made Allie hesitate and consider stopping for what she hadn't had time for before leaving the flat, but if they were still there waiting for her then she didn't want to take the time now either. She could go on the way out later.

Turning a corner, she was faced with an open doorway into a well lit room, and tentatively looked in to check if this was the place.

"Oh great! We'd almost given up un you!" said a slim black-haired girl she vaguely recognized from the campus. The girl was dressed in a black t-shirt and black jeans, with black boots, and came over to meet Allie.

"I'm Sarah, thanks for coming over. And this is Greg," she waved a hand in the direction of a guy adjusting a tripod supporting an expensive-looking camera, pointing towards a large green plastic sheet suspended from a metal frame.

Greg turned to the girls and smiled. "Glad you could make it after all. We just got finished with the others, so whenever you're ready we can get started."

Sarah explained: "So it's Greg's project, like for his fashion photography coursework, so he can tell you what he wants from you, and I'm just helping out... I see you've brought other clothes with you - let's see what outfits you have."

Allie took a variety of her clothes out of her bag for inspection. They'd asked her bring a mix of dressy and casual, so as well as the dress she had on, she'd brought leggings, shorts, a skirt.

Greg studied her thoughtfully for a few seconds, then decided,

"OK... that dress you have on now is great, so let's start with you standing over here on the green area, and i want you to look over towards Sarah, and pretend you're really happy to see her."

Allie obediently followed the various instructions, smiling, serious, flirty, posing to order, while Greg clicked away on the remote control thing for the camera and adjusted the lens. After some time, Greg wanted her to change so she was directed to a makeshift changing cubicle by Sarah. Then again different positions and lens adjustments.

It was taking much longer than Allie had expected. Well, she hadn't done this before but somehow thought it would be twenty minutes or so at the most. Instead it felt much longer, and she really wanted to go to the toilet.

After some more time waiting for Greg to review the shots, Allie was finding it hard to stand still, trying to distract herself by pacing around slowly. She didn't want to interrupt Greg to ask for a toilet break, but she would need to pee soon so... but before she open her mouth, Greg stood up and announced,

"Right, almost done! Allie, can you just pop your leggings on now and we'll just do a few quick shots and that'll be it."

Allie decided to just get the thing finished and then she'd go the toilet on the way out. She went back into the cubicle again, got undressed and put on her leggings. She could hold on for a bit more.

Back in front of the camera, she posed as asked, but Greg seemed unsatisfied.

"Umm, Allie, try to relax a bit more. You look uncomfortable. Is it too cold in here?"

Allie had to admit it, "I'm so sorry Greg, I didn't want to interrupt but could I just run along to the toilet, I won't be a minute!"

She started towards the door but Greg called her back.

"Oh I'm sorry Allie, I didn't think to give you a break. I get so engrossed. But um... just before you go, um... oh..., Sarah can you maybe.. tell Allie about... you know...the other stuff..."

Sarah took Allie's elbow and steered her out into the hallway.

Outside, Allie tried to hide her increasing need, and impatience, as Sarah quickly explained.

"Look, this project work he's going to pay you for, right, but he can actually sell photos and videos of girls pissing. So if, and obviously you don't have to, you let him record you doing it, then you earn real money, like much more."

Allie was about to flat out refuse anything like that, but she was genuinely curious.

"So he's recording me on the toilet, like close up?"

"No, you have to just stand in there like before and wet yourself", replied Sarah, like it was the most natural thing to be doing.

"What, but that's.... I mean if he can sell that, how much would I get?"

Sarah told her, then, sensing Allie was tempted, moved to seal the deal with,

"And no-one sees your face, like the shot is below that, so no-one is going to recognise you."

Allie thought about the money Sarah had mentioned, and thought about rent, and bills, then decided.

"ok," she nervously said, "maybe i can try it this time."

"Right, let's go in. Greg, we're doing it. Allie, just stand where you were before. you can take your shoes off, and just pretend you're struggling to hold it."

Allie didn't need to pretend that much by now. Bouncing her leg up and down came naturally in her state. Sarah placed towels around where Allie was standing, and seemed be the one directing the posing now.

"That's fantastic, Allie, now just turn around slowly, and keep doing the fidgeting about. Pretend there's no toilet, and you have to do it in your pants."

After another minute of this, Allie forced herself to relax and let a spurt of pee out, immediately feeling the dampness. Then warm wetness welling up around her crotch, Sarah calling out encouragement as Allie's legs ran wet and hot pee ran over her feet. First relief, then embarrassment took over as she finished, and looked at her now glistening legs and the cooling puddle around her feet.

"Oh god," she mumbled, feeling her heart thumping in her chest, "it's gone everywhere."

"You did relly well," said Sarah, encouragingly, "What did you think Greg?"

"I think that was fantastic, really good! I'm going to make that worth your while. Now, take a towel and dry yourself off, then you can change. Sarah, get her a bag for her wet clothes."

Later, Allie sat on the bus home, slightly self-conscious in her dress with no knickers on under it, but quite a bit more cash in her purse than she had expected. Maybe she would do that again if they asked.

*002*2025-06-24 04:51

Intro to the next part...

The week after the fashion photo session that took an unexpected turn, Allie got a text from Sarah inviting her to meet and see the finished video. They met in a campus coffee shop, and Sarah handed Allie her phone.

"Sit over here," said Sarah, indicating a seat next to her in the corner. "So no-one can watch over your shoulder."

Allie watched the short clip, thinking it was quite anonymous since it only showed her from the waist down. Greg had replaced the green studio backdrop with a picture of trees so it looked like she was pissing herself in the middle of a forest. The camera zoomed in as she fidgeted and clearly showed the wet patch appearing and then piss streaming down her legs as she'd finally let go. She handed the phone back to Sarah and admitted that Greg had done a good job with it. The two girls chatted for a while, with Allie learning that usually it was Sarah taking part in these videos, although they'd had a few others from time to time.

Sarah seemed keen to know how Allie felt about it all - whether she thought it was disgusting, weird, naughty, exciting or anything else for that matter. Allie had found it slightly thrilling to be doing something so taboo, and also liked the feeling in a sexual way, although she couldn't admit that to Sarah, or anyone else.

A couple of weeks later, Allie got another message from Sarah saying she had something to ask her and could they meet for a drink that evening? Allie had enjoyed chatting with her before so she happily agreed, thinking Greg wanted to do another session.

After a couple of drinks, Sarah explained the reason for wanting to talk.

"So the thing is, Greg's leaving soon - he's finished with his official projects and now girlfriend is telling him he should spend less time at the studio now."

"His girlfriend? Oh, I thought maybe..."

"God, no," said Sarah. "I'm just a low-paid assistant and sometimes participant. And he's definitely not my type."

She lowered her voice and continued, "I am thinking of continuing on my own, to make videos like this one, or with less clothes on, and sell them online."

Allie leaned closer to hear more. "Right, so starring in your own movie, so to speak.."

"Yeah, but with you in them as well, if you want to. I mean you look good in this one, and together we can share time-consuming stuff like editing, and we'll split the proceeds fifty-fifty."

Allie was intrigued, and agreed to come to Sarah's flat the following night and work out some roleplay stuff they could film each other doing, and maybe even get started.

