Omovember 2021: Day 16

Author: PPP

*000*2021-11-18 06:00

EVERYONE IS DESPERATE!

I had a lot of fun with the various scenarios in this one. Of all my stories , this has by far the most pee per page. At the end, there's an image that didn't inspire this story, but was too good to not include. NUDITY.

###

Day 16: And there was only one toilet! Various (Super Smash Bros Ultimate)

###

Princess Daisy steeled herself. As her foe rushed forward, she delivered a vicious swing that struck right on target. Her opponent had no chance to dodge, and took the full force of the blow.

“GAME!” shouted the announcer as Zelda flew off into the distance.

“All right! I won!” Daisy cheered. Light enveloped her, and with an ethereal swishing sound she was transported back to the Smasher’s gymnasium, along with her seven opponents: Samus, bounty hunter extraordinaire; Zelda, Hyrule’s wise princess; Lucina, the warrior who defied destiny; Palutena, goddess of light; Wii Fit Trainer, the yoga warrior; Min-Min, the ramen bomber; and Pyra, the Aegis incarnate. As the gym materialized, Zelda rubbed her head and winced.

“Congratulations,” she told Daisy, “but did you have to use the golf club?”

“Hey, it was either that or the frying pan,” Daisy replied with a shrug.

“That was crazy,” Palutena groaned. “I’ll never do an eight-person fight again!”

“It’s been crazy ever since that latest fighter showed up,” said Daisy. “Y’know, what's-his-name, Sarah.”

“Sora,” Lucina corrected.

“Whatever,” said Daisy. “Let’s just hit the locker room; I’m beat.”

Daisy had another reason for wanting to visit the women’s locker room, one she didn’t share with her fellow fighters. The last battle had gone on for ages, and she had neglected to take a bathroom break beforehand. Now, with her bladder feeling fit to burst, she was regretting her decision. When she entered the locker room, however, she cried out in dismay. Of the three toilet cubicles, two had signs on them reading ‘OUT OF ORDER.’ And in front of the third was a line of five women, holding themselves with pained expressions on their faces.

“No way! You’re kidding me!” Palutena echoed Daisy’s thoughts out loud.

“You need to go too, huh?” groaned Daisy. She looked and saw dismayed expressions on all of her companions’ faces. “Well, better get in-”

Daisy trailed off as the fighters made a mad dash to get in line. “Hey, wait up!”

Unfortunately, Daisy wasn’t able to secure a spot near the front.

Okay, there aren’t too many in front of me, she reassured herself, counting those in front of her. Just Rosalina, then Leaf, Robin, Byleth, Bayonetta, Samus, Palutena, Lucina, Pyra, and Zelda, then me. She cursed her luck. Well, at least I’m ahead of Wii Fit and Min-Min.

Just then, there came the sound of a toilet flushing. The stall door opened, and a very relieved-looking Peach stepped out.

“Sorry I took so long,” she said sheepishly. “Too much tea this morning.” She stepped aside and Rosalina rushed in, slamming the door behind her. No matter how hard she tried, Daisy couldn’t block out the loud hissing and splashing sounds that came a moment later, nor Rosalina’s sigh of relief that made her bladder scream in protest.

Man, I hope they’re not all that loud, she thought. I don’t think I’d be able to hold it!

Daisy held herself and bounced on her heels. The sounds of Rosalina’s relief were agonizing, but soon there came an even worse noise.

“No! No!” shrieked Leaf, the female Pokemon trainer. “I can’t hold it!”

To Daisy’s horror, she saw yellow rivulets emerge from beneath Leaf’s skirt and run down her legs. The trainer sobbed as her pee puddled up at her feet, unable to stop the flow. Daisy cringed and looked away, but Leaf ran right past her, trailing golden droplets behind her.

I did not need to see that, Daisy groaned internally. Are they all gonna pee themselves? Am I? No, don’t think like that! You can do this!

The toilet flushed again, and Rosalina exited the stall. Before Robin could enter, however, a fist mounted on a yellow spring shot out to grab the stall door. Min-Min pulled herself over the heads of the crowd to land directly in front of the toilet.

“Hey, I was next!” Robin protested.

“Sorry,” said Min-Min, and she sounded like she meant it. “I’m literally leaking here!”

“We all are!” cried Robin as the door slammed in her face. “What makes you- ahh!”

The white-haired mage sank to the floor, and a golden puddle spread out underneath her. She pushed down on her robes to try and stop it, but it was no use.

“Damn you!” Robin yelled, but it could barely be heard over the crashing of Min-Min’s pent-up urine. Privately, Daisy found herself agreeing with Robin. This was agony! She crossed her legs tightly and dreaded to think about how the others were doing.

—###

“This is not good, this is not good,” Palutena whispered to herself. She had her hands jammed between her legs, trying desperately to hold back the flood. The goddess knew she was fighting a losing battle; already, a few drops of pee had leaked out. Still, she wasn’t going to give up.

“I’m with you,” said Samus, who apparently had overheard Palutena. “I don’t know how much longer I can hold out.”

“Don’t say that!” Palutena hissed. “It’s a psychological thing; if I hear you give up, I might too!”

“Sorry,” said Samus, wincing. The bounty hunter had removed her helmet after the fight, but was still wearing her orange Power Armor.

“It’s fine,” Palutena reassured her, though she was anything but fine. Her bladder felt like an overfilled water balloon, ready to burst at any moment. “If only there were some other option.”

Samus’ face lit up. “That’s it!” she exclaimed. Then she frowned. “No, no, I can’t do that?”

“What are you talking about?” asked Palutena.

“My Power Suit has a built-in waste disposal unit,” Samus explained, “but it’s an absolute last resort. It feels disgusting having to use it.”

“Waste disposal?” Palutena repeated. “You mean like p-p…” She couldn’t bring herself to say the word.

“Exactly,” said Samus grimly, “but I don’t want to use it unless I have to.” Then her eyes went wide and she gasped in shock, and Palutena knew what must be happening.

“Oh, to hell with it,” the bounty hunter sighed, and let out a breath as she relaxed. At least Palutena couldn’t hear the noise of Samus wetting herself inside the suit, or see any stain on the outside. Still, that was a small comfort as Samus moaned in relief, her face flushed pink. Palutena felt a few more drops leak into her panties, and she knew she was running out of time.

Desperate in every sense of the word, Palutena scanned the locker room for a solution. She saw the stalls, rows of lockers, a couple of showers at the other end of the room…

The showers! Inspiration struck the goddess. She looked back at Lucina, the blue-haired swordfighter she had become romantically involved with. From the looks of it, she was doing about as well as Palutena was, dancing back and forth and holding herself tightly. There was no time to waste.

“Come on!” Palutena shouted, grabbing Lucina by the hand and dragging her into one of the shower stalls. She pulled the curtain shut and began pulling off her white dress as quickly as she could.

“W-what are you doing?” cried Lucina, blushing furiously. “This is no time to-”

“No, no!” Palutena gasped, now tearing off her panties and stockings. Her desperation was so intense she could barely speak. “Pee- place to- here!”

Palutena was scarcely able to get the words out before her bladder let go. A pale yellow stream flowed out of her, spraying the floor of the shower between her legs. Palutena let out a moan of relief as she drained her bladder.

“Haaah… that’s better,” she breathed. She looked over to see Lucina taking off her own clothes, which must have been difficult given how badly she was squirming. Lucina managed to get naked just in time, however, and a powerful pee stream emerged from between her legs, striking Palutena’s in midair. The goddess laughed at that.

“Look at us,” she giggled. “Crossing streams!” She was pleased to see Lucina smile as well.

Once the pair had finished peeing, Palutena turned on the shower head and washed away the puddle at their feet. Lucina pulled the shower curtain aside slightly to reach for a towel, but Palutena grabbed her hand.

“Let’s just stay in here a little while,” she said with a suggestive wink.

—###

Pyra winced at the horrifically loud noise of the shower running.

“Not good, not good!” she whimpered. She was openly doing a potty dance by now, which should have been humiliating, but she was beyond caring at this point. Pyra’s bladder was filled to capacity, and she was seriously doubting she was going to make it. Her panties were already uncomfortably damp, and they were only getting wetter as more and more spurts leaked out. Three of the people in front of her had stepped out of line, but that was a small comfort. The toilet flushed again, another terrible noise, and Min-Min exited, earning a death glare from the soaked Robin.

As Byleth ran into the stall and began audibly peeing, Bayonetta groaned in exasperation.

“Right, I’ve had enough of this,” she announced. “If I don’t have a wee now, I’m going to burst!”

Right in front of Pyra, the witch’s clothes vanished in a flash. Bayonetta barely stepped aside before squatting and brazenly peeing on the floor with a relieved sigh.

“Ah!” Pyra cried, turning away from the sight. “You can’t just do that!”

“Oh, bite me,” Bayonetta snapped, continuing her loud, hissing piss. “I don’t know about you, but I don’t plan on wetting myself here.”

Pyra was about to protest, but then the biggest spurt of urine yet leaked out, and she realized she was seconds away from disaster.

Looks like I don’t have a choice, she lamented.

“N-nobody look!” Pyra squealed before dashing to a far corner of the room. She squatted down and scrabbled desperately at her shorts and underwear, leaking urine all the while. The instant her clothes were out of the way, Pyra began peeing freely, her yellow torrent splattering on the floor.

Oh, why is it so loud? she groaned internally, blushing furiously. Pyra looked over her shoulder and turned even redder; everyone was staring right at her. She was facing away from them, but she could tell her backside was on full display.

“No,no! Hurry up,” she pleaded, but her bladder wouldn’t listen; it continued to drain and showed no signs of stopping. Pyra’s face burned with humiliation as the golden pool in front of her kept growing.

Well, at least I made it, she tried to reassure herself. Not everyone did…

—###

“Poor girl,” Daisy muttered, turning away from the sight of Pyra’s piddle. Her underwear was very damp by this point, and she wouldn’t have been surprised if they were visibly yellowed.

“Hurry up, I beg you!” cried Zelda, pounding on the stall door.

“Hold on,” Byleth replied. “I’m going as fast as I can!”

“Not fast enough,” Zelda mumbled, dancing frantically back and forth. “Not fast en- no, no, no!”

A yellow puddle began spreading from under her dress, rapidly flowing across the floor. Zelda made no effort to hold back her waters; it was clearly no use. She let out a sigh of defeat and simply stood there soaking the floor.

The sight of Zelda’s failure was the last straw for Daisy. The biggest spurt of urine yet burst out, and she could tell the dam was about to burst.

“I GOTTA PEE RIGHT NOW!” she wailed, any sense of dignity forgotten. A loud splash made her look to her right. The Wii Fit Trainer was perched on one of the sinks with her pants down, a look of bliss on her face. Unable to stand the sight any longer, Daisy rushed out of the locker room and into the hallway. Looking around frantically, she caught sight of one last hope: the sign for the men’s locker room.

Daisy didn’t know who might be in there, but she was beyond caring at this point. She rushed inside and made a beeline for one of the urinals. Leaking like a faucet now, Daisy made a few attempts to hike up her dress before abandoning the idea and simply pulling the whole thing over her head. She yanked her panties down next and stood there in nothing but her bra and stockings. Daisy was barely able to reach down and spread her folds before her bladder simply gave up on holding. A furious jet of pee gushed out of her with a cacophonous hiss, flying straight through the air and crashing into the back of the urinal. Droplets flew everywhere, and Daisy was sure she was spilling a lot on the floor. She was too caught up in ecstatic relief to care though.

“Haaaa… guuh…” was the only sound she could make as her eyes rolled back in bliss.

Daisy felt like her river of urine would never stop flowing, and with how good she was feeling, she wasn’t sure she wanted it to. Nevertheless, she eventually saw her stream lose height, and the last few squirts missed the urinal entirely.

“Wow,” Daisy sighed, stunned at what had happened. “That was something, all right.”

She flushed the urinal, then dared to look behind her. To her surprise and joy, the locker room appeared to be empty. Relieved, Daisy bent down to pick up her clothes. As she did, however, she heard a noise behind her: the tell tale swish of fighters teleporting in.

“Uh-oh,” Daisy mumbled, her face turning red.

###

Image:

$$

And sauce: https://www.newgrounds.com/art/view/radlionheart/princess-daisy-commission

Next up: Caught peeing in a strange location

