The Old Dark Castle

Author: Pain

*000*2023-06-01 14:27

The Old Dark Castle

It was a cold evening in the January of 1875 when Gerold received a letter at his office in London. It was from a very rich woman whose name was Josephine and who lived in Vinsylvania. She had mentioned in her letter that she had an old and extensive library that had unfortunately fallen into disarray over the years and that she was looking for someone with the knowledge of literature and attention to detail to help catalog and arrange the books. Gerold could not believe himself. It was something that he had wanted to do for many years.

But amidst the allure of the generous reward she had promised in her letter and his own desire to aid her, Gerold felt a lingering unease at the prospect of traveling to Vinsylvania. With his daughter's third death anniversary swiftly approaching, his heart yearned to pay a poignant visit to the cemetery, like he did every year.

“But you must go, Gerold,” his friend Robert said, “The Lady is rich, and perhaps she will give you more work later.”

And so he agreed to go.

Ten days later he arrived at a little town called Britson. Vinsylvania was a strange and beautiful country. There were mountains, trees, and rivers everywhere. And somewhere high in the mountains was Lady Josephine’s home.

Gerold had twelve hours to wait before the train arrived to take him there, so he went into a little pub near the King's Cross railway station. Inside the pub, it was warm and friendly. The people there were all laughing and talking and Gerold took a seat in the corner, away from all the noise before he ordered the boy to bring him a tankard of pilsner.

As he saw the boy disappear behind the bar, Gerold took out the little gold pendant from his pocket and flipped it open to see the still smiling faces of his wife and daughter. He still couldn’t believe they had left him so soon.

The serving boy soon returned with a sixty-four-ounce tankard of pilsner full to the brim and Gerold slid the pendant back into his pocket before reaching out for the handle of the tall beer mug made of pewter.

He drank all day and soon it was night and Gerold was just short of drinking another tankard before making a triple century but before that could happen he decided it was time to leave. As he made it to the counter to pay for his drinks, he thought of asking the boy to show him to the urinal before he stepped out but then decided he simply had to leave or he would miss the train. He paid the fat and balding owner in silver Sickles before he walked out of the door.

When Gerold reached the platform he was relieved to find that the train hadn’t yet arrived and he started to look around for a sign of a pissory. He would have really appreciated a good piss before getting on the train but he couldn’t see a toilet anywhere. He'd have to ask someone.

He stopped a passing guard, but didn't dare mention the word ‘toilet’ instead he asked where he could wash his hands. The guard led him to the basin situated at the middle of the platform but a look of disappointment covered Gerold’s face when he realized there was no sign of a toilet anywhere there.

When Gerold asked him if there was a private basin on the platform that he could use, the guard guided him to a space that had the sign ‘Washroom’ hanging outside.

“Finally” he sighed as he walked inside, but to his great dismay what he saw was a room full of washbasins with no sign of a urinal anywhere. And when Gerold asked the guard if there was a place where he could ‘take care of some personal matters’ he started to get annoyed and thought Gerold was being stupid on purpose. Getting restless, Gerold asked about the train that was going to Casterville, but the guard said he didn’t know anything about it. In the end, the guard strode away, muttering about time wasters.

Gerold was now starting to get worried. According to the large clock over the arrivals board, the train should have reached the platform ten minutes ago; he was stranded in the middle of a station with a trunk he could hardly lift, a pouch full of money, and a rapidly ballooning bladder.

He wondered if he had missed the train and just as he was about to go to the ticket inspector's stand that was on the other end of the platform, he heard the distant whistle of a train approaching.

A minute later a scarlet steam engine pulled along the length of the platform that was packed with people. A sign overhead said Casterville Express, eleven O'clock.

Smoke from the engine drifted over the heads of the chattering crowd as they quickly tried to climb in and the hawkers called out in a sort of way over the babble and the scraping of heavy trunks.

The first few carriages were already packed with people, some hanging out of the window to talk to their families, some fighting over seats. Gerold pushed his cart down the platform in search of an empty seat. He passed a beautiful woman reading a novel and an old man drinking from a cup of tea.

He pressed on through the crowd until he found an empty compartment near the end of the train and started to shove his trunk toward the train door. He lifted it up the steps and tucked it away in a corner of the compartment.

Gerold sat down next to the window where he hoped to have some peace and quiet, and soon a whistle sounded and the people on the platform clambered onto the train and it began to move. Gerold saw the men and women waving to their loved ones, running to keep up with the train until it gathered too much speed, then they fell back and waved. He wished he had someone who would wave to him.

He watched those people disappear as the train rounded the corner. Houses flashed past the window. He felt a bit relieved to know the train was finally moving. He didn't know what he was going to but it had to be better than his life in the boring city of London.

Suddenly, the door of the compartment slid open and a young man came in.

"Anyone sitting there?" he asked, pointing at the seat opposite Gerold.

"Everywhere else is full."

Gerold shook his head and the man sat down and while they had been talking, the train had carried them out of Britson.

Around half an hour later, there was a great clattering outside in the corridor and a smiling, dimpled woman slid back their door and said, "Anything off the cart, sirs?"

Gerold requested a beer and exchanged two bronze Knuts with the woman as payment. In return, she presented him with a sizable fifty-ounce long-neck bottle crafted from durable ceramic stoneware, complete with a securely fitted rubber cork for its cap.

As the beer bottles were expensive, the cart lady had to come back after some time to collect it from him but when she came back Gerold asked for a couple of more bottles. As both the men sat talking and sharing tales from their pasts, Gerold went through a total of three hundred and twelve bottles of beer leaving the gentleman sitting across in sheer astonishment at the seemingly insurmountable quantity he could consume. Yet, for Gerold, this was a familiar tale. The pain of losing his beloved wife proved unbearable at times, and he would often seek solace in copious amounts of booze.

He was on the train for a whole day and by when it was almost time for him to get down, Gerold could feel all of it rushing into his bladder. Soon the train slowed down and finally stopped. He made his way toward the door and out onto a tiny, dark platform. The cold night air hit him at once. Then a lamp came bobbing over his head “Sir Gerold?”

He saw a bald man with mutton chops approach, "C'mon, follow me, mind yer step, now!" he said as two other men lifted the heavy trunk that Gerold had with him, while the bald man led him to a waggonette waiting outside the platform.

Gerold quickly got in and before he knew the waggonette traveled up into the mountains. Higher and higher it went, faster and faster. The mountains felt lonely at night and in the forest around them, the wolves were howling. It was a terrible sound.

Suddenly the waggonette stopped. A small carriage came down the narrow road on the right. Four black horses were pulling it, and the driver was dressed in black, with a black hat pulled down over his face.

“Where's the Englishman?” he called, “I've come from Casterville Chase!”

He looked strange, standing there in the moonlight, and suddenly Gerold felt a bit restless.

Soon they were on their way to the castle. The mountains were all around them and the moon was behind black clouds. Gerold could see nothing... but he could still hear the wolves. The horses went faster and faster over the rocks and potholes, sending waves of urine crashing onto the walls of his bladder.

"We will be reaching in five minutes' time. Leave your luggage on the carriage, it will be taken to your chamber separately," the driver said to Gerold.

Soon the carriage stopped at the edge of a great black lake. Gerold opened the door and got out. Perched atop the high mountain on the other side, its windows sparkling in the starry sky was the vast castle of Casterville Chase with many turrets and towers.

An oarsman was waiting for him on the boat sitting in the water by the shore. Gerold stepped in and the boat moved off at once, gliding across the lake, which was as smooth as glass.

Everything felt so silent as Gerold stared up at the great castle overhead.

"Head down!" the oarsman told him as the boat reached the cliff, and he bent his head and the little boat carried them through a curtain of ivy that hid a wide opening in the cliff face. He was carried along a dark tunnel, which seemed to be taking them right underneath the castle until they reached a kind of underground harbor.

A guard awaited him there and he gave a hand to Gerold to help him out of the boat, and he clambered out onto rocks and pebbles. “Welcome Sir Gerold, your presence has been long awaited,” Gerold gave a nod and a smile and he clambered up a passageway in the rock after the guard’s lamp, coming out at last onto smooth, damp grass right in the shadow of the castle.

He walked up a flight of stone steps with the huge Oak front door and slowly, the big door opened. A voluptuous woman stood in front of him, dressed in a long tunic with a veil to cover all but the face as a symbol of her role as a 'Bride of Christ.’ Gerold was shocked to see that the rich lady who lived in this enormous castle was a nun.

She made him a curtsey as he alighted, and said in a quaint, old-fashioned manner, "I bid you welcome to Casterville Chase, Sir Gerold, I am Mother Josephine, please come in."

He was a bit taken aback that she knew his name but then realized she must have gotten word of his arrival. He stepped into the castle and she carefully locked the door behind him. She put the key into the pocket of her habit and turned to go upstairs, following her, he passed through the fine Tudor hall, and as they climbed the staircase Gerold noticed how lithe as a she-panther she was when she went up the flight of steps. They now stood in a long hall where a wood fire burned brightly, it was a long low room, paneled in black oak, at the end of which was a large stained glass window.

In the center of the room, was a beautifully arranged table beckoned with a delightful display of beverages. It boasted a dozen 101-ounce glass jugs filled to the brim with enticing lemonades, watermelon juice, and cranberry juice each. It was clear that preparations had been made for a grand gathering, but to Gerold's surprise, all these tempting libations were exclusively meant for him.

Mother Superior warmly invited him to take a seat and indulge in the refreshing concoctions. With a genuine smile, she expressed her intent behind the varied selection, saying, "Help yourself, Sir Gerold. I prepared each of these for you, unsure which flavor you would favor the most. So, I decided to present you with all three."

With great delight, Gerold started with a cup of cranberry juice that he found delicious, to say the least. They sat and talked by the fire and Mother Superior would herself refill Gerold’s cup when it ran empty. Her English was very good, and while they talked, he had time to look at her carefully. She had a beautiful face with a large bosom and hands that were soft and feminine.

They kept talking through the night and Mother Josephine kept Gerold’s cup full all the time, insisting fondly that he should finish the drinks she had made for him.

In no time, the jugs stood empty, and Gerold had successfully polished off a dozen jugs each of refreshing lemonade, tantalizing cranberry juice, and thirst-quenching watermelon juice all of which was now making him need to piss much more than he needed to when he got there.

It was nearly morning when they decided to retire to their chambers, and outside, the wolves were still howling. At last, she rose to go, casting a wistful look at Gerold, who sat like a man in a trance, for once his need to urinate was clean out of his mind.

The servant slowly and silently led him to his quarters before opening the door for him and wishing him a good night’s sleep.

Gerold closed the door after the man left and the only thing that he wanted to do now was take a long piss and go to sleep. He walked towards the door that seemed like the toilet as he unfastened the belt around his waist and undid the buttons on his trousers. Oh, what a long day it had been and he had so much pilsner, beer, lemonades, and juices to go through.

As he reached for the lid, however, he noticed something odd. There was a notice pasted over the lid that said in bold letters: ‘DO NOT USE.’

A sigh of anguish escaped his lips as his shoulders dropped in disappointment. He could not believe this was happening. He had waited so long to use the toilet but to his misfortune, it was broken. Defeated, he pulled up the zipper of his trousers before slowly fastening the buttons and the belt. Beaten, he stepped out of the toilet and closed the door, his bladder greatly unrelieved.

The next morning when Gerold got up, he felt a painful strain in his bladder, but it was nothing for him to worry about as he had a bladder made of cast iron he believed and he knew he could depend on it. He dressed up quickly and stepped out to go to the dining hall only to find several pots full of Mother Josephine’s tea on the table in front of the fire. A drink that she specialized in providing in numerous varieties.

Pots full of Green tea, Black tea, White tea, Oolong tea, Herbal tea, Rooibos tea, Pu-erh tea, Chamomile tea, Peppermint tea, Jasmine tea, Matcha tea, Darjeeling tea, Ceylon tea, Sencha tea, Genmaicha tea, Ginger tea, and Hibiscus Tea beckoned with their enticing aromas and vibrant flavors sat on the table.

“Praise be to the Lord, Sir Gerold,” Mother Josephine said when she saw him, “I had been waiting for you. I've brewed a little tea for you,” she said with a warm smile as she began to pour a cup for him.

As he took the cup from her hands, Gerold suddenly felt all the liquid he had consumed the day before, he wanted to pee before drinking anymore but he did not know where “Pardon me…Mother Superior… but I was wondering if… you know a plumber who could fix the tap over the washbasin in my chambers…?”

“Oh,” Mother Josephine was a bit taken aback, not having expected such a request from her guest, “There is a plumber in the village nearby, I suppose, I will send for someone to get him here as soon as possible, Sir Gerold,” she said.

“Pardon me now, good sir, but it is time for my prayer,” she requested him “Please finish the tea kept on the table. I am afraid it will get cold soon,” she gave him a pleasant smile before she bowed her head a little in curtsey, turned around and slowly walked out of the hall.

Now that she was gone, it was Gerold alone in that great hall. Neatly arranged on the table were five pots of each of the seventeen different types of tea.

It took him some time to go through each of the 338-ounce pots of tea and by when he was done with his last cup it was almost 8 o’clock. The sun had risen bright and Gerold knew he had to get to work though he could feel that his bladder was expanding fast. He knew he would need to urinate and soon.

He slowly made his way through the empty corridors where Mother Josephine had told him he would find the library.

Before he knew it, Gerold stood in front of the grand entrance of the old and neglected library, his heart pounding with a mix of anticipation and trepidation. He had been entrusted with the task of breathing life back into this forgotten sanctuary of knowledge. Taking a deep breath, he pushed open the heavy wooden doors and stepped inside.

As Gerold ventured further, his eyes widened at the sight that greeted him. A few steps from the door, standing proudly on sturdy stands, were three massive tuns that could hold 252 gallons of liquid each. They towered over him, each adorned with a tap at the bottom, promising refreshment in the form of water.

Gerold marveled at their sheer size and imagined the countless gallons they held. He knew these tuns would be his companions throughout his journey, providing him sustenance during the long hours he would spend within these walls.

With a sense of purpose, Gerold shifted his attention from the tuns to the library itself. The condition of the space left him both saddened and determined. Thick layers of dust blanketed the shelves and furniture, giving the impression that time had stood still for far too long. Countless neglected books, once cherished and revered, now lay scattered on the floor, their pages torn and their bindings frayed.

Undeterred, Gerold set to work. He resolved to restore the library to its former glory, one row of books at a time. Carefully, he picked up each book, dusting off the layers of neglect and gently arranging them back onto the shelves. It was a painstaking process, but he relished every moment, knowing that he was breathing life back into these forgotten treasures of knowledge.

As the hours passed, Gerold became immersed in his task. The musty smell of old books filled the air, blending with the scent of the aging wooden shelves. With each book he placed back in its rightful place, he felt a connection to the past, to the countless readers who had sought solace and enlightenment within these very pages.

Time seemed to lose its meaning as Gerold kept drinking more and more water from the tuns and tirelessly worked his way through the rows of books. He couldn't help but marvel at the diversity of subjects and the wisdom contained within each volume. History, science, philosophy, and literature—all intermingled on the shelves, waiting to be rediscovered.

As the sun began its descent, casting long shadows through the library windows, Gerold realized how much he had accomplished. Though the task was far from complete, a sense of accomplishment welled up within him. The first two rows of books stood tall and orderly once again, a testament to his dedication and love for this ancient repository of knowledge.

With a last glance at the now empty tuns, standing silently at their place, he stepped out of the library and closed the door. Gerold knew that his journey had only just begun. He had taken the first steps in breathing life back into the forgotten library, and he was determined to ensure its restoration for the generations to come. With renewed purpose, Gerold made his way to his chambers, ready to face the challenges that lay ahead in his caretaking role.

But just when he had taken a few steps a sudden realization hit him like a ton of bricks! He had to pee, a lot!

He had gotten so immersed in his work that he had totally forgotten that his bladder needed emptying too.

Gerold's urgency to relieve himself grew with every step he took toward his room. He knew he had to hurry, but a sense of foreboding filled him as he approached the door. With a desperate push, he swung it open and rushed into the small, cramped space that served as his private toilet. To his great disappointment and immense frustration, Gerold's eyes fell upon the same sight that had greeted him last night—the "Do Not Use" sign stubbornly pasted over the lid of the toilet.

Anger welled up within him like a tidal wave. How could Mother Superior Josephine neglect his need? She had promised him a plumber, and yet the sign remained, taunting him with its mocking reminder.

Urgency fueled Gerold's fury as he stormed out of his room, determined to confront Mother Superior and demand an explanation. He marched through the quiet corridors, his footsteps echoing against the stone walls. The great hall, usually a place of solace and serenity, now held a sense of tension as Gerold entered. There, waiting for him, stood Mother Superior Josephine, her serene expression untouched by his anger.

“Oh, Sir Gerold, I had been waiting to see you all day today,” she smiled, “How is the work at the library coming along?” she asked him.

Gerold's anger momentarily faltered as confusion took its place. "Pardon me, Mother Superior," he began, his voice laced with frustration, "..but I thought you had called a plumber to fix my toilet. The 'Do Not Use' sign is still there!"

“The 'Do Not Use' sign?” Mother Josephine looked at him perplexed.

“Oh!,” a sigh escaped Gerold’s lips as he realized the grave mistake he had just committed, “I-I-I meant to say, I cannot use the washbasin yet, Mother Superior,” Gerold demanded, his cheeks flushing with embarrassment.

Her eyes, filled with wisdom and compassion, met his gaze. "Sir Gerold, I understand your frustration. Rest assured, the matter is not forgotten." Gerold's anger softened, replaced by a mix of curiosity and anticipation.

“Oh, thank you Mother Superior, I just need some time to get used to this place,” he sighed looking at his feet.

“I understand, Sir Gerold, and I cannot thank you enough for coming this far to help me with the library, I’ll forever be grateful to you,” she said, “Now here are a few jugs of honey water and rose water for you, I hope they’ll help you get a good night’s sleep,” she offered him.

Gerold saw that in the vast room, an array of jugs stood in orderly rows, catching the little moonlight that filtered through the old glass windows. The air carried the sweet fragrance of honey water and the delicate scent of rose water, intertwining to create an enticing aroma. A meticulous count revealed the abundance before them—sixty jugs, each carefully filled to the brim, lined up with unwavering precision.

The jugs glistened, their surfaces reflecting the gentle glow of the surrounding candles. As if whispering a secret, the notes of honey water floated in the air, beckoning with their golden hue. Each jug held a generous amount of 101 ounces, their contents a testament to Mother Superior’s careful craftsmanship that went into their creation. The amber liquid sparkled like liquid sunlight, promising a taste that was both soothing and invigorating.

Beside the jugs of honey water, an equal number of jugs stood, holding the ethereal essence of rose water. Delicate and fragrant, they exuded an aura of grace. Each vessel, too, contained 101 ounces of this floral elixir, capturing the essence of blossoms that once bloomed in the castle’s gardens.

Together, the sixty jugs formed a symphony of flavors and aromas, inviting those who beheld them to partake in their sensory delights. The honey water whispered tales of warmth and sweetness, while the rose water offered a delicate caress for the senses.

As the flickering candlelight danced upon the jugs, their combined presence created an ambiance of abundance and possibility. Whether for a moment of respite or a shared celebration, the jugs each promised an experience both indulgent and transformative.

In this room of treasures, the jugs awaited their purpose, ready to be poured and savored. Their presence spoke of generosity, of the intention to nourish and uplift those who sought solace within these hallowed walls.

Gerold knew he had a lot to drink that night and with a smile of gratitude, he sat down at the table as Mother Josephine poured him a cup of honey water first.

They sat and talked for long and by the time Gerold had finished the last jug, it was already half past three at night.

On the third day, when he woke up, Gerold’s bladder felt like a massive boulder in his stomach but he knew it was nothing that could stop him. He quickly dressed himself and went to the hall.

Mother Superior did not come to greet him that morning, but there was a letter from her on the table.

“I have kept your morning tea on the table, furthermore I have asked the servant to refill the tuns kept in the library for your convenience. Also if you wish to go anywhere in the castle, kindly feel free to go,” it said, “but some of the rooms are locked. Do not try to go into these rooms.”

He looked around and just like it was yesterday he saw several pots full of tea on the table in front of the fire.

Each morning, Mother Josephine prepared seventeen different types of tea for him and filled five whole pots with each type of tea. Gerold knew it was a lot of liquid to process and he had no time to waste, so he quickly finished all the tea and got to work.

The second day at the library was just like the first one for Gerold, he couldn’t even tell how the time flew by but just like yesterday, as he stepped out of the library and closed the door after a long day of work, the sudden realization that he needed to urinate hit him.

When Gerold reached his room for the night, his heart sank as he discovered that the "Do Not Use" sign was still stubbornly clinging to the lid of his toilet. Frustration welled up inside him, but he made a conscious decision to keep his anger in check. Taking a deep breath, he resolved to address the issue calmly and headed towards the hall to meet Mother Josephine. As Gerold approached the grand hall, he could see her patiently waiting for him, surrounded by jugs of rosewater and honey water.

“Sir Gerold, it is good to see you,” she greeted him, “Please accept my sincerest apologies for not being able to meet you before I left this morning, I hope you enjoyed your tea?”

“Y-yes, I did,” Gerold told her, “Thank you.”

“Your welcome, Sir Gerold,” she said, “I have prepared a bit of honey water and rose water for you before you take the bed,” she said.

But Gerold had something else in mind, "M-mother Superior," he began hesitantly, "I was hoping to inquire if there is a location within the castle where a lot of water can easily pass through?"

“I-I am not sure, but why do you ask, Sir Gerold?” she inquired, rather puzzled.

“For me to take a leak,” he said half-mindedly as he looked around to find a way that could alleviate his situation.

“FOR YOU TO TAKE A WHAT?!” Mother Superior looked at him with a look of bewilderment on her face.

Gerold quickly realized the gravity of his slip-up and decided to cover the grave mistake he had just committed, he said, "I-I meant….I meant to say…., what I actually meant was that I-I… have a rather peculiar fascination with castle architecture and plumbing systems.. s-so..y-you see, I've read a few books from the library about tales of secret underground tunnels and hidden passageways within these walls and one of the books said that there was a leak somewhere in the castle…"

He tried to sound as confident as he could, hoping she would believe him. But deep within he knew he had made a grave mistake.

Mother Superior couldn't help but chuckle at Gerold's explanation. With a smile, she responded, "Sir Gerold, your enthusiasm for castle plumbing is quite unique indeed. While I cannot endorse any unauthorized expeditions, I do admire your inquisitive spirit. Perhaps, in the future, we can arrange for a guided tour of the castle's architectural wonders, minus the leak-seeking expeditions."

Gerold was mighty relieved that she believed him but he still wanted a place to release his waters.

As Mother Josephine bid Gerold goodnight, he found himself alone in the grand hall, surrounded by the soft glow of candlelight and the lingering fragrance of roses. The jugs of honey water and rose water stood on a nearby table, beckoning him to partake in their soothing elixirs.

It took him a long time to finish his drinks that night.

On the fourth day when he woke up, Gerold’s bladder had gotten so full that he could hardly sit up on his bed. For a moment he thought of telling the truth to Mother Superior and asking for her help but then he erased the thought from his mind almost immediately.

He could never muster the shamelessness needed to tell someone else that he needed to wee. He had his dignity to maintain, he wondered what she would think of him if he told her about such an indecent need. He felt disgusted for even thinking about it. He’d be forced to flee the country out of pure shame and humiliation if she ever got to know that he needed to piss.

Gerold knew that he was a man and that it was a man’s responsibility to solve his problem on his own.

So, just like the day before, Gerold dressed up and went to the dining hall to finish his tea before making his way to the library. He worked there tirelessly throughout the day while he went on to empty the three tuns of water and by the time it was night Gerold was feeling a massive need to urinate but he knew there was nowhere he could drain his enormously full bladder.

He quietly went to his chambers to look at the sign posted on the lid of his toilet as feelings of desperation filled him, “No, I am not desperate to wee,” he told himself., “I am fine…I am fine…I am fine,” he breathed as he looked into the mirror, “I can do this.”

With a confident stride, he made his way to the dining hall where Mother Superior awaited him. They had their usual conversation before she retired for the day and he was left behind to finish his drinks for the evening.

That night when he climbed onto his bed, Gerold knew he wouldn’t be able to sleep. He just lay there, blankly staring at the ceiling for a few hours before he decided he could take it no longer. He knew he couldn’t fool himself any longer, he had to pee. A LOT!

He carefully stepped out of his bed and then slowly tip-toed towards the door while he made sure to be as silent as he could be. With a candle in his hand, he quietly stepped out of his room to look for a toilet.

Gerold's desperation grew with each passing moment as he tiptoed through the dimly lit corridors of the castle, clutching the flickering candle in his hand. Determined to find a toilet, he opened door after door as silently as he could, only to be met with disappointment each time.

Every room he entered seemed to be something other than what he desperately sought. First, he entered a grand chamber, adorned with a large canopy bed and exquisite tapestries. Realizing it was a bed-chamber, he hurriedly closed the door and continued his quest.

Next, he stumbled upon a room with tall windows, but the moonlight filtering through the glass was not enough to illuminate his path. Although the room held a sense of tranquility, it offered no relief for his urgent need.

Undeterred and needing to urinate a lot more than before, Gerold pressed on, checking every room in his path. He explored cabinets filled with delicate porcelain and storerooms stacked with supplies.

None of these spaces offered the respite he desperately sought. Through winding staircases and hidden passages, Gerold descended into the depths of the castle, venturing into undercrofts and cellars.

The air grew colder, and the flickering candlelight cast eerie shadows on the stone walls. Yet, even in these hidden recesses, there was no sign of a toilet. Finally, after what felt like an eternity of searching, Gerold ascended to the sixth floor of the castle. His heart raced with anticipation and desperation. He approached a door with trepidation, hoping that this time, he would find the relief he had been seeking for so long. But just as he was about to open the door he heard a sound that sent chills down his spine, “What are you doing here?”

Gerold quickly turned around to see that it was Mother Superior, holding a candle in her hand.

“What are you doing here at this hour of the night, Sir Gerold?” she asked him with a certain concern in her voice.

“I-I was looking for a toilet,” Gerold confessed in fear.

“YOU WERE LOOKING FOR A WHAT?!” she looked at him with an utter sense of bafflement.

It was then that Gerold realized what a grave mistake he had committed. His mind raced as he tried to come up with a cover-up for his presence on the sixth floor of the castle in the middle of the night. He needed to think quickly to salvage the situation and avoid any suspicion from Mother Superior.

Thinking on his feet, Gerold composed himself and replied, "Mother Superior, please forgive my poorly chosen words. What I meant to say is that I was in search of the...the castle's private archives. You see, I recently came across a historical document while going through some papers in the library that mentioned a hidden chamber on the sixth floor, containing important records of the castle's past. I thought it would be prudent to investigate and ensure the preservation of these valuable documents."

Mother Superior's expression softened slightly as she listened to Gerold's explanation. "Private archives on the sixth floor? I was not aware of such records."

Gerold nodded. "Indeed, Mother Superior. These documents are said to contain rare insights into the castle's history, and I felt it was my duty as the caretaker of the library to locate and protect them."

Mother Superior regarded him thoughtfully before sighing. "Gerold, I appreciate your dedication to preserving the history of this place, but it is important to remember that it is not safe to roam around in this castle at night, you should have sought my permission before embarking on such an endeavor."

Gerold bowed his head, “You are right, Mother Superior. I apologize for my lack of judgment. I assure you that I will strictly adhere to the rules of the castle before moving forward."

Mother Josephine’s gaze softened. "Very well, Sir Gerold. I trust that you have learned from this incident …..but to be honest, at first, I thought you said you were looking for a toilet!” she let out a laugh of relief, “Pray, how embarrassing would that have been?”

Gerold blushed, feeling humiliated at her words, “No Mother Superior, not at all, please don’t say that!”

“I apologize for my words,” she said to him, “I assure you not a word of it would go out of the walls of this castle.”

“Thank you, Mother Superior, that is truly kind of you,” Gerold said before finally he retired to his chambers, and with a deeply unfulfilled need to urinate, he took the bed to sleep.

By the fifth day, his bladder was humongously swollen and aching for relief. He rubbed his thighs and bounced on his knees as he dressed for the day, “Oh, dying for a wee!” he sighed to himself in immense frustration but there was nothing he could do about it, he had no other way but act normally in front of the Mother Superior.

The day went as usual for him, with tea in the morning and water throughout the day, Gerold was beginning to lose his composure. He wondered what would happen if kept neglecting his need to empty his bladder. He did not want to think about it. It was really embarrassing for a man of his reputation and standing.

That night after having the evening drinks while talking to Mother Josephine, Gerold almost thought of asking her to let him use her toilet or at least show him a functional one but he knew that if he dare say something like that, it would be the end of his professional career.

Speaking of something that indecent would not only outrage the modesty of the woman in front of him but also lead to his banishment from the community and the church back in London.

But Gerold did not know what else to do. He was almost bursting to say it. He needed to say it more than he had needed to say anything else in his life.

He realized though that risking such a bold move was not a wise thing to do and hence he decided to try his luck another way, “Mother Superior, not to trouble you, but I was wondering if you may permit me to shift my belongings to another room?”

“Oh, but why, is there something wrong with your current bed chamber?” she asked, rather concerned.

“N-nothing much, Mother Superior, I just feel a bit bored in there,” Gerold tried to reason, “…and I hope a new bed chamber would help elevate my mood. I hope it is not too much to ask?”

“Well- I’ll have to see if there is a room readily available for your comfort,” she assured him, “Don’t worry, I’ll see what I can do for you.” After that she took her leave, leaving Gerold behind with a lot of drinks to finish for the night and a bladder throbbing for relief.

When the morning of the sixth day came, Gerold woke up with a ray of hope, trusting Mother Superior would have found a solution to his silent problem. He dressed up quickly and made his way to the dining hall to meet her and though she was not there, to his immense surprise he found a letter waiting for him at the table.

Dear Sir Gerold,

I hope you are feeling well today. I wanted to personally address the matter you brought to my attention last night, regarding your need for a more suitable accommodation. As a guest, your comfort and well-being are of utmost importance, and I have taken immediate action to ensure your satisfaction.

I have personally instructed the servant to arrange for your belongings to be swiftly transferred to a larger and more spacious room on the fifth floor by this evening. This new room has been carefully prepared to cater to your needs, ensuring that you will not face any lack of comfort or convenience.

You will find ample space to rest, work, and attend to your daily activities. The room has been furnished with exquisite care, including a comfortable bed, a cozy sitting area, and a desk for your personal use.

Additionally, you will have access to a private washroom, well-equipped with all the necessary amenities. I understand the importance of having a peaceful and conducive environment, especially considering your responsibilities as the caretaker of our esteemed library.

It is my hope that this new accommodation will provide you with the tranquility and space you require to carry out your duties effectively. Once you have settled into your new quarters, I kindly request that you spare a few moments to meet with me in the evening. I would be delighted to discuss any further requirements or concerns you may have and to address them to the best of my abilities.

Your satisfaction is of utmost importance, and I am committed to ensuring that you feel valued and supported during your tenure here. Thank you for your patience and understanding as we strive to accommodate your needs. Please do not hesitate to reach out should you require any additional assistance or have any specific requests. I am always at your disposal to make your stay at Casterville Chase as pleasant and comfortable as possible. Wishing you a pleasant day ahead and looking forward to our conversation.

Yours sincerely,

Mother Superior Josephine

Gerold was so happy that he thought he would start urinating then and there but he managed to control himself just at the right time! Oh, he couldn’t wait for the night to come!

Gerold quickly went through all the tea kept for him before starting his day of work and enthusiastically going through all three tuns of water now that he knew he could urinate freely in the evening! Oh, why didn’t he ask for Mother Superior’s help before?

That day, pangs of urgency kept hitting him one after the other as he could not stop thinking of rushing to his new room to urinate at the end of the day! How swollen his bladder had become since he had gotten here. Gerold rubbed his legs and squeezed his cock between his thighs as he fought to keep his trousers dry.

He could not imagine how much he was going to piss that night! He was so happy to think that he was finally going to spend a whole night urinating without any impediment. He almost felt ashamed of himself when he realized how much he needed to go, but he knew there was nothing else he wanted to do more.

Though he managed to finish the tuns of water kept in the library, Gerold found it difficult to work that day.

“Oh, I can’t wait to wee,” he muttered to himself as he half-mindedly flipped through the pages of a book to take his mind off his urgent need to urinate, he was so desperate in fact that he was holding the book upside down without even realizing it.

When it was finally time to close the library for the day, Gerold did not waste even a moment before he stepped out and locked the door before rushing to his new room on the fifth floor. He was so happy that he began to unfasten his belt and undo the buttons of his trousers before he had even reached his room! Not evening bothering who might see him like that.

All that mattered to him now was to piss and save his dignity and relish the explosive relief at last. Oh, he didn’t know how he would be able to thank Mother Josephine for such help in his dire need! He’d surely have to work for her without asking for a payment for the rest of his life to repay the debt! But right now, he just needed this piss!

Gerold barged in through the door of his new bed chamber and closed it in a hurry, faster than he had ever closed any door in his life. He rushed to the toilet almost sliding his undergarment away to get his lumbering cock out for the flood that was about to come but just as he entered the toilet and reached out to lift up the toilet lid, he found a notice pasted on over it: ‘TOILET OUT OF ORDER’

The shock was so intense and unexpected that Gerold couldn’t stop a hot leak from escaping into his underwear before he quickly managed to stop the flow, he had never been this frustrated and angry in his entire life of 38 years.

He immediately looked down to check the damage and to his shock, a large wet patch the size of a watermelon had stained the right side of the crotch of his trousers.

He could not believe what he had done! If anyone came to know about this, he’d have to flee the country out of shame and embarrassment.

He quickly came out of his wet clothes and put on a dry pair of underwear and trousers before looking at himself in the toilet mirror, “You don’t need to pee….. you don’t need to pee… you don’t need to pee….” he said as he crossed his legs and gave his crotch a desperate squeeze before finally stepping out of his new room.

When he reached the dining hall, he found Mother Josephine waiting for him with a warm smile, “Oh, Sir Gerold, so good to see you,” she said, “How did you find your new room? I hope everything was according to your taste and comfort? I went in to check it myself, though I must admit I did not take into account your personal powder room, I did not think it is appropriate for a lady to step into a guest’s private area,” she said as she signaled him towards the jugs of honey and rose water.

“Y-yes, it was great,” Gerold sighed as he squeezed his thighs to maintain control. He was so angry and frustrated that he did not know what to do.

He quietly went through all the liquid for the night before retiring to his bed chamber, his bladder silently inflating to massive proportions!

That night, Gerold could not fall asleep even for a moment! He kept pacing back and forth in a desperate urgency, knowing full well that he need to urinate a lot!

Unable to contain his pressure any longer, Gerold rushed out of the room to look for a toilet in the middle of the night but to his great frustration and defeat, it was not to be found anywhere. With his cock aching for relief, Gerold came back to his room an hour later, feeling sorry for himself as he closed the door and squeezed his crotch in desperation, it was going to be a long night indeed.

When the morning of the seventh day came, Gerold could think of nothing else but his copious need to urinate. He dreaded the thought of having to drink more tea and water in his already dire state but not wanting to upset his host, Gerold decided that he had no other choice.

He drank the variety of tea kept on the table as usual while grabbing his crotch for dear life and hoped his bladder would find the room to accommodate all the liquid that was about to rush inside it.

Gerold was defeated. He squeezed his cock as he quickly made his way to the library, the dark empty corridors witness to his desperate state. He knew there was no way he could keep putting off his need to piss and he knew that he needed to find a solution and quick!

He entered the library and rushed to the ‘Anatomy and Physiology’ section where he took out the first book he could find about the ‘human urinary system’ and quickly started flipping the pages to look for a way to control his urgent need to urinate.

He went through book after book looking for the urgent solution he required for his aching bladder as he stood with his legs tightly crossed and his cock aching for a piss but each book he read told him the same thing over and over again that urination was a normal and necessary bodily need and one should not try to postpone it for long.

Gerold was frustrated, it was as if he needed to piss a lot more after reading those books but there was no solution to his dilemma. Just when he was about to give up and get to his work, his eyes went to a small green book that was covered in dust. Gerold picked it up without much hope but as he flipped through the old yellow pages he came across a topic that was of deep concern to him.

‘How to Control your Pissing’ it read in small but bold letters. Gerold couldn’t believe himself.

His eyes widened in disbelief as he read the instructions in the book and when he understood what he needed to do, he rushed out of the library and towards the apothecary's sanctum on the floor below.

Arriving swiftly at his destination, Gerold deftly located the jar of powdered cranberry, its label serving as his guide. With precision, he poured two teaspoons of the crimson powder into the mortar and pestle. In a measured sequence, he combined several teaspoons of dried Uva Ursi, a sprinkle of Buchu, a touch of dried Horsetail plant, a generous portion of Saw Palmetto and Corn Silk, as well as powdered Dandelion and Stinging Nettle. To this concoction, he added the dried Parsley and Marshmallow Root, commencing to grind the ingredients together with every ounce of strength he could muster and once he was done Gerold quickly but carefully poured the resulting mixture into a small wooden cup filled with water and drank it in a single gulp hoping it would have the intended effect and much to his surprise it immediately reduced his urge to urinate!

Gerold finally did not feel the need to cross his legs to hold his piss back! It was nothing short of a miracle! He wiped his brow and breathed a sigh of relief. It had been a close thing and Gerold was certain he would have succumbed to his urge to urinate sooner than later but fortunately, he did not need to worry about it any longer!

Needing to wee much less than before, Gerold carefully stepped out and headed straight to the library where he once again went to where he had left the small green book. He turned the pages and once again reached where he had found the method to make the miraculous potion, a sense of deep wonder and gratitude filling him.

As he went through the instructions yet again, he came across a warning written at the end of the decaying page, it read, “Once the potion is prepared you must use it cautiously for it would give you some respite but when the effect begins to wear off it will trigger massive urination.”

Gerold, having found the solution to his problem, decided not to pay much heed to the warning and decided to go about his day drinking from the tuns of water as he did his work. The potion did wonders and his need to urinate was alleviated for several hours. But just as the book had prophesized, by when the night had spread its wings, Gerold’s need to piss had returned with a vengeance.

He quickly made another cup of the potion with the remaining powder he had safely collected in a small pouch from his visit to the apothecary’s sanctum earlier in the day and as soon as he drank it, the urge to pee subsided significantly!

A look of relief washed over his face. Gerold was beginning to live his life again, and with a smile brightening his appearance, he made his way to the dining area to meet the Mother Superior but to his disappointment, she was nowhere to be seen though the jugs full of honey water and rose water waited for him as usual.

After he had finished drinking the abundant relishes, Gerold went in for a peaceful night of sleep unaware of what the next day had in store for him.

It was the morning of the eighth day when Gerold woke up with a massive need to piss but he was quick to make himself a cup of the relieving potion and his condition grew better in no time.

Though he did not want to piss that urgently anymore, he could feel all the pressure slowly building up inside his bladder

His bladder was swelling massively but Gerold knew he did not have to worry as long as he had the potion in his hand. The potion had successfully suppressed his urinary system, allowing him to maintain comfort and focus without needing to urinate.

Though what Gerold had not yet realized was that he simply had too much to drink during the day, copious amounts of tea in the morning, followed by humungous amounts of water during his work hours and an ungodly volume of refreshments at night had put his urinary system into overdrive. He could feel his bladder inflating massively but he was unbothered because of the pressure-suppressing potion he had at his disposal.

But what he failed to realize was that the potion only temporarily suppressed the urinary system and though it vastly reduced the urge to urinate, the potion had no ability to regulate the production of urine in the system.

What he hoped to be a permanent solution to his problem was only delaying his need for a short period of time.

A month passed without any further incidence and Gerold had found great success in bringing back order to the library that had previously fallen into disarray.

Their business was now finished. The Mother was satisfied with the way her library had turned out, and there was nothing to keep Gerold in Vinsylvania or at Casterville Chase, but the Mother Superior did not want him to leave. Gerold was alone with her in the castle, but he never saw her in the daytime. He only saw her at night when she came and sat with him in the dining hall. They always talked until the morning and she asked Gerold many questions about England.

“I have plans to go there myself soon,” she said. “Tell me about sending things to England by ship.” So they talked about ships and the sea, and Gerold for some strange reason thought a lot about urination during that long conversation though he never dared to mention it in front of her.

One evening the Mother said, “You must write to your London office and tell Mr. Broadworth that you'll be here for a few more months.” When Gerold heard this, he went cold. A few more months! But what could he do? He worked for Mr. Broadworth, and the Mother's business was important to him, so if the Mother Superior needed Gerold, then he had to stay. It was only later that she disclosed to him that she possessed a collection of ancient texts and manuscripts pertaining to her study of the Bible that were written in Aramaic and which required translation into a more comprehensible language and impressed with Gerold’s dedication to his work, she had decided to seek his expertise and linguistic skills to help her with the task.

Knowing this, Gerold agreed to write the letter but for some strange reason, he needed to urinate a lot while he wrote.

That evening Mother Josephine did not stay and talk with him, but before she left the dining hall, she turned to him and said, “Sir Gerold, sleep only in your bedroom. You must never fall asleep in any other room in the castle. You will be in danger if you do.”

When she left, Gerold went to his room, but he could not sleep for a minute that night. In the pitch of the dark from his window Gerold saw the Mother leave the castle, and a sense of great suspicion and misgiving crept upon him, where would she go at this hour of the night?

Gerold decided not to say about what he saw to the Mother Superior but instead focus on his work. He enjoyed the work of translating the manuscripts but nearly not as much as he liked his work of arranging and reading books.

During this time, Gerold also began noticing a diminishing impact of the potion, as it seemed less effective in alleviating his need to piss compared to its initial potency.

He thought of asking the Mother Superior to let him take his luggage and other belongings to a different room hoping he could use the facilities there but he was afraid that she might somehow find out about his closeted toileting needs.

One night when he was in his room after having taken his evening drinks of rose and honeyed water, Sir Gerold suddenly felt an immense need to urinate. His bladder felt like a boulder in his gut and suddenly he had to cross his legs tightly and squeeze his crotch in desperate need.

He quickly made himself a cup of the suppressant potion and drank it down much to his relief but still, he knew somewhere deep down that this respite was only momentary, hence, when he finally felt a lot better than before, Gerold decided to seek help from the Mother Superior.

He mustered up his courage and stepped out of his room to visit Mother Superior in the mysterious confines of her bed chambers. Uncertainty gnawed at him, casting doubts on the righteousness of his decision. The notion of trespassing into the sacred abode of a nun, especially in the late hours of the night, felt not only morally dubious but also raised concerns about disturbing her peaceful repose with his unsolicited intrusion.

Nervous, Gerold stepped forth, finding the way through the dimly lit corridors that seemed to echo with an eerie hush. Each step he took was accompanied by the weight of his trepidation. Finally, he arrived at the threshold of Mother Superior's private chambers, his heart pounding with anxiety. He took a moment to steady himself, exhaling sharply through pursed lips in an attempt to shake off his nerves, before summoning the courage to knock on the door. For what felt like an eternity, nothing happened and silence persisted.

The stillness behind the door was unyielding, raising the possibility that she had succumbed to slumber. But just as Gerold contemplated retreating, he mustered his resolve for one final attempt. He knocked on the door with a mixture of hesitation and unease, as if bidding farewell to his hopes. And just when his hand was about to withdraw, a voice resonated from within the sanctuary of the chambers, “Sir Gerold is this you? I beg your pardon. Just one moment, please. I just came out of the bath and I'm unclothed and wet at the moment. Please give me a moment to dress myself appropriately. Please do not enter."

The picture of the wet and naked lady caused Gerold’s cock to jump to an erection like an elephant’s trunk. Oh God, he thought. How could he have a normal meeting with her, when his cock had a life of his own? Pitching a rock-hard tent through his trousers. He tried to calm down and tried to think of some boring things, like his work. Of course, it worked a little bit though he still had to pee a lot!

Several minutes later, she opened the door, covered from head to toe in a black habit with the exception of her beautiful face, “Sir Gerold, kindly accept my apologies for having kept you waiting, what brings you here at this odd hour?”

"Mother Superior, I apologize for the inconvenience but I humbly request your permission to change my room," Gerold began. "I find it difficult to sleep in my present chamber, and I was hoping for a quieter and more restful space."

Mother Superior Josephine listened attentively to Gerold's request, her expression thoughtful. After a moment of contemplation, she responded, "I understand your plight, Sir Gerold, but you must know that most of the rooms in this castle are locked and have been neglected for a very, very long time. It may not be as easy to find another suitable room for you."

Undeterred and needing to urinate a lot, Gerold persisted, his eyes earnest. "Mother Superior, I beseech you to reconsider. I am willing to wait and accommodate any inconvenience. Please, grant me this request."

Mother Superior Josephine sighed softly, her stiffness beginning to waver. "Very well, Sir Gerold," she conceded. "I will search for a suitable room for you, but I must warn you that it might take some time. The castle is vast, and many rooms are in disrepair."

A sense of relief washed over Gerold, and he expressed his gratitude. "Thank you, Mother Josephine, for considering my request. I assure you, I am prepared to wait patiently until a suitable room can be found. Your efforts and understanding are deeply appreciated."

With a nod, Gerold took his leave from her chambers, feeling a glimmer of hope. Returning to his current room, he continued to battle his sleeplessness night, unable to find relief, but trusting that Mother Josephine would fulfill her promise.

Days turned into a week, and Gerold's longing for a new room grew stronger with each passing night, “Oh, how long do I have to wait to take a piss…?” he sighed to himself in desperation one day, however, he remained steadfast in his patience, knowing that change takes time, especially in an old castle with limited resources.

Despite occasional restlessness, Gerold found solace in the routines he had established, spending his days engrossed in the work of translating the manuscripts while in the library, although his need to piss would always be at the top of his mind. Then, unexpectedly, one fine morning, when Gerold least expected it, he found a letter awaiting him in the castle's grand dining hall.

Recognizing at once Mother Superior’s elegant handwriting, he eagerly opened it.

Dear Sir Gerold,

I write this letter today to share with you the news that after a prolonged search and meticulous evaluation to find a suitable room for you, I have discovered a room hidden within the depths of the castle, a room that has long been forgotten but holds the potential to provide you with the peaceful respite you seek.

I feel joyous to tell you that this room has been restored to its former glory, ready to welcome you with open doors. It possesses the serenity and solitude that I believe will meet your expectations. I trust that you will find comfort within its walls, allowing you to rest and rejuvenate as you deserve. Please accept my sincere apologies for the time it took to find this solution, Sir Gerold.

Change, especially within the confines of an old castle, often requires patience and persistence. I am immensely grateful for your unwavering trust in my commitment to fulfilling your request.

I have informed the servant to assist you in transitioning to your new abode by the evening. I have instructed him to ensure your belongings are moved with the utmost care and attention. I extend my warmest wishes to you, Sir Gerold, as you embark on this new chapter in your sojourn at Casterville Chase.

May this room bring you the solace and tranquility you have sought for so long. Should you encounter any further concerns or require assistance, please do not hesitate to reach out to me. I remain at your service.

With deepest regards,

Mother Superior Josephine

Gerold was so overjoyed at that moment that he almost urinated in his underwear out of happiness. Pissing had never been so important to him and in his mind, he couldn’t thank the Mother Superior enough for her generous help.

He just had to somehow get through the day and make it to this new bed chambers at night for a massive piss, “Oh” he sighed as he crossed his legs and bounced on his knees thinking of how difficult it was going to be to keep his piss from coming out all day, but then he took a deep breath and told himself that he could do it. He went through his exquisite assortments of morning tea as usual and then through the three whole tuns of water kept at the library during his work, needing to urinate monstrously by late evening.

When it was time to call it a day at work, Sir Gerold in his tremendous hurry for a piss, forgot to even shut the doors of the library, even leaving his purse of coins behind!

He just wanted to wee and empty his aching bladder and nothing else. Dying for a piss, he climbed the stairs to the eighth floor where the servant had told him his new bed chamber would be. Gerold could not believe he was about to take the most relieving piss of his life! His cock was exhausted and it was time he gave it some rest.

The eighth floor was new to him and it took him a while to find his new abode but when he did, Gerold dashed into the chambers and closed the door with a massive thud before leaping towards the toilet door. He pulled it open faster than he had pulled any door in his life and jumped inside for the long piss that was going to take the whole night. He closed the door with great urgency and struggled to unfasten the belt around his aching bladder before quickly undoing the button on his trousers. He pulled the zipper down in a great hurry and pulled down his underwear in one swift motion to let his aching cock out. But just as reached out for the lid of the toilet to lift it up and take a triumphant piss at last, he saw a notice pasted on its surface: TOILET UNDER REPAIR.

“Oh, my fucking God, no!” a desperate groan of agony escaped his lips, “Aaahh, this cannot be happening to me!”

He felt like he was about to explode then and there, but he knew he could not do such a thing. It was a matter of his dignity. So, filled with great agony and frustration, Sir Gerold half-heartedly fastened his pants and then the tight belt around his aching bladder.

His hope to finally be able to urinate had so cruelly been shattered that it left him filled with agony and frustration and anger. He did not know what to do. He did not know what to say. And he did not know who to say it to.

He simply walked out of the toilet and made himself a cup of the potion that somewhat helped him take his mind off his need to piss, after which he went down to the dining hall, carrying the weight of his unfulfilled relief.

He had never held it this long in his entire life and Gerold felt as if he was about to explode! He did not know how he would be able to face Mother Josephine while he was holding back his flood of piss.

Suddenly he then decided to go to the apothecary’s sanctum instead of the dining hall and make for himself a more potent mix of the powder he had made before to help him alleviate the pressing need.

By when he had prepared and drank the newly concocted potion, it was already an hour late and upon reaching the dining hall he saw the concern on Mother Superior’s face, “Sir Gerold? Where have you been? I was looking for you everywhere in the castle,” she asked.

“I-I-I went to the..” he blabbered, unable not think of an excuse right away but then said, “I-I w-went to the library, I-I had left something there…” he moaned in agony.

Sir Gerold quickly finished all the rose and honey water that Mother Josephine had prepared for him that evening before he bid her goodnight. There was absolutely no reserve of strength left inside him to sit around and have a chat with her when his bladder was aching so much for relief.

That night, despite his best effort, Sir Gerold urinated a lot into his underwear, leaking in long hot spurts that soaked through his trousers in no time.

Overwhelmed with fear and shame, he considered the notion of fleeing the castle immediately but then dismissed the thought from his mind.

Trembling in dread of being discovered, he found himself at a loss regarding the fate of his soaked undergarments and trousers. Thus, he hastily concealed them within a drawer, wiping himself dry before donning a fresh pair of clothes, his bladder still fuller than ever before.

A month passed after that fateful night, and Sir Gerold’s need to urinate continued to mount through leaps and bounds due to the copious amounts of liquids he drank each day and yet he found no hope of respite.

Then one ominous night, it so happened that Gerold’s bladder got so full with piss and pressure that it refused to let him take even a single step from the library back to his room. Yet he somehow managed to reach the dining hall and finish his evening drinks of honey and rose water before going back to his chamber and locking the door tightly behind him before he took off his trousers and underwear and hurried to find a clean cloth.

After he found a large enough piece of cloth, he slowly lay down on his bed before he carefully blew into the cloth through his mouth ensuring it got warm enough to provide comfort. Then with gentle hands, he folded the cloth and placed it on his throbbing bladder.

His eyes closed shut with immense relief as he felt the warmth seep through the cloth and onto his skin and then into his distended bladder. The pain began to subside, replaced by a soothing sensation.

Gerold used the cloth with utmost care to undergo an overnight fomentation of his bursting bladder, seeking relief from the pressure caused by the excessive accumulation of liters and liters of urine.

Three months passed after that night and Mother Josephine continued to remain unaware that Gerold was struggling with a very full bladder.

Sir Gerold on the other hand was certain that sooner or later he was going to die due to an exploded bladder but what frightened him even more was the thought of everyone finding out how much he had to piss before his organ could take it no longer!

Then one night, when Sir Gerold was left aching and awake because of his need to piss, he suddenly let out a small dribble into his underwear. Terror gripped him once again but this time something told him that he was at the end of his tether, something told him that he must find a place to urinate immediately before it was too late.

Pressure and worry filled his long penis in the form of his hot piss. He was about to unleash his flood, toilet or no toilet. Stricken with panic, Sir Gerold squeezed his cock in agony as he desperately thought of a way to relieve his aching bladder without being found out by Mother Josephine but when no other way came to his mind, he knew it was time to seek help from the only person who could help him urinate.

Bursting, Gerold rushed out of his room and paced through the empty corridors towards the Mother’s private quarters but he had to stop after every few steps to stop his piss from completely pouring out.

He let out a few quick jets of his warm urine into his underwear but he knew it was nothing compared to the indomitable flood that was about to come. Upon reaching her quarters, he banged on her door in sheer desperation, his piss inches away from leaking out uncontrollably, “Mother Superior, please open the door…” he cried out and she took a moment to respond.

When she opened the door, to her utter shock she saw Gerold standing before her with his legs tightly crossed and a hand buried deep inside his crotch, “S-sir Gerold, are you alright?” she asked, concern evident in her voice.

“I-I need the t-toilet….” he somehow found the courage to say as he fought with every fiber of his being to keep his flood at bay.

“Excuse me?” Mother Superior looked at him in disbelief, “I am sorry, Sir Gerold but I think this is really inappropriate…” she said, placing a hand on her chest in shock.

“Aaah, I can’t wait….” Gerold groaned in agony as a massive leak happened all of a sudden but he somehow managed to cut off the flow before it showed on his trousers.

“I-I need to use t-the t-toilet, M-Mother Superior,” he wailed in desperation, unable to hide his need any longer after holding it for more than five months.

“Sir Gerold, I am not sure if I am comfortable with your request,” Mother Josephine tried to reason.

“M-mother Superior, please…” Gerold tried to beg her in a last-ditch effort to save his dignity, holding the jamb of the door for support, “I am dying…” he struggled to breathe but it was too late for him now. Urine poured out of him faster than he could have thought, he tried with all his might to cut off the flow but it was all futile. His penis simply did not have the reserve of strength left to cope with the pressure inside his bladder.

“A-aah, I am pissing!” he cried out while crossing his legs tightly as the crotch of his pants got drenched with his hot piss, “Please don’t look!” he begged Mother Josephine but she had never witnessed such a thing before and the amazement of the incident happening right in front of her left her stunned.

“Sir Gerold!” she exclaimed, “Why didn’t you tell me if you had to go to the toilet so badly?” she said as she watched the hot puddle of his piss growing aggressively under his feet.

“Oh, this is so shameful,” she said angrily, covering her mouth in disbelief at what was happening.

Her words, more than anything left Gerold broken, it was the most humiliating moment of his life.

The more he urinated, the more his dignity and sense of self-worth abandoned him. His whole career and his life were ruined.

He went on pissing for a long time as he stood there, frozen in terror and unable to move, leaving Mother Josephine baffled at the sheer volume he had in his bladder. The size of his accident was enough to tell her that he had been holding it for too long.

“I'm so ashamed to witness this, Sir Gerold,” she said once again looking at him in disgust, “I would have never thought you’d do something so inappropriate and filthy at my doorstep!”

“I-I-I am so sorry, Mother Superior,” Gerold said as he continued to wee a mighty torrent into his underwear, “P-please don’t tell anyone or my life will be over,” he begged her.

Mother Superior looked at him with a grim look of disapproval and profound disappointment.

By when it finally ended, Gerold had drenched his underwear and trousers as if he had been hit by a flood with not a dry patch left on it, leaving an enormous puddle on the corridor floor.

Though his bladder was now deflated and he felt a relief like never before, he knew his life in London and his cherished reputation as a man of dignity had crumbled to pieces.

Defeated, ashamed, and seething with anger, he retreated to the solitude of his room that night, seeking solace and contemplating the events that had just unfolded. He took off his wet trousers and soaked underwear before drying himself with a towel and putting on some dry clothes.

The next morning, when Mother Superior came to his room, she found his drenched trousers and dripping wet underwear lying on the floor. Gerold was gone, to where she did not know.

The mystery of his sudden absence weighed heavily upon her thoughts, for she recognized him as a man undeserving of such misfortune. The humiliating circumstances surrounding his departure left her pondering the depths of his untold story, wondering why did he not use the toilet before it was too late?

It was a mystery that would forever haunt the walls of Casterville Chase.

*001*2023-06-02 01:45

{{8 hours ago, MapleRabbit said:

Amazing fic! You write really well! I'd love to see more from you!

}}

Thank you so much @MapleRabbit

It means a lot to me🙂

*002*2023-06-04 06:25

{{On 6/3/2023 at 1:49 AM, JD0417 said:

I’d love to see more stories about women drinking several 101 ounce pots and several 338 ounce pots of liquid and then they have to hold it for at least a week

}}

Surely will try my best 😉

