The Pee Law Part1

Author: peelove64

*000*2023-07-24 22:56

I’m sitting in class, struggling to keep my eyes open during the dullest lecture imaginable, when I hear the telltale pattering. The cute blonde who sits next to me had stealthily pulled her tight yoga pants down and was displaying her slightly hovering peach-shaped ass, which was connected to the seat by a pale yellow stream that flowed over the side in a sputtering waterfall. A growing golden puddle began to form and slowly crept towards my backpack. I yanked it away just in time. The girl, I think her name was Gina, gave me a sheepish look of apology. A few others at nearby desks looked around to identify the sound, and when they recognized the source they simply went back to jotting notes.

It was amazing how quickly people got used to the new water conservation laws. As of three months ago, public urination was made not only legal but mandatory. Wasting a toilet bowl of water simply for peeing was now punishable by a fine and community service. Why this law only applied to women was still a mystery, but the public had quickly adapted. It was impossible to walk anywhere now without spotting a woman or multiple women squatting, standing, hovering, or whatever stance they chose while unleashing a pent up stream of urine.

Gina crumpled up a sheet of paper from her notebook, wiped, tossed it in the river she just made, and pulled her pants back up, refocusing her attention on the teacher, who gave no indication he cared or even noticed what just transpired. In the early days of the new law, known colloquially as “The Pee Law’, it was a whole production between the girls expressing their shyness and the people around them overcoming their own awkwardness after the fact, but by now a bladder emptying was as routine as sneeze or cough. The resulting mess was always a bit of a concern, but the numerous campus custodians recently employed always cleaned it up before the next class like clockwork.

Finally, after what felt much longer than the class’s hour long runtime, we were set free. It was a relatively short walk back to my dorm, but still I caught multiple glimpses of girls spraying their piss wherever they deemed appropriate. Some dashed away to water the grass, talking to their friends all the while, while others had more fun with it. I watched one perched over a trash can, her face steadily changing to one of relief as she peed all over the trash within.

Amanda, a slender brunette I chatted with a few times before class started, came up to me as I was staring at the trash-pisser. I tried to play it off like I was just looking idly in the distance, but her sly smile made me think she noticed. “Hey, do you mind if I borrow your notes from yesterday? I was out helping a friend move.”

I had a bit of a crush on Amanda, even though we barely knew each other, so my heart began to flutter as I responded. “Yeah, of course,” I said as I stopped walking and unslung my backpack.

“Thanks so much!” She fidgeted slightly in what I at first thought was anticipation for the notes, but as another girl replaced the previous one on the nearby trash can, her eyes closing and mouth dropping open as her relief began, Amanda commented, “Ugh I hate how some girls have gotten so used to the Pee Law already and here I am holding it in til I can find some privacy.” My ears perked up at this.

“It doesn’t seem like people mind anymore,” I said, “but I totally get your hesitance. It’s a lot of programming to overcome.” I handed her the notes and she smiled.

“Yes, exactly! You guys pee wherever you want law or otherwise, but us gals are way more used to needing a toilet.” As she said this her hand shot towards her crotch and her leg wobbled. “It’s even worse having to go and seeing everyone else peeing all over the place. I’m barely gonna make it back to my dorm.”

I didn’t want to overstep her boundaries but I couldn’t resists prying more detail out of her. “What would you even do when you get to your dorm? It’s not like you can use the toilet even there, unless you’re more of a rebel than you let on.”

She laughed. “If you must know,” she said playfully, “I have a bucket I pee in that I then empty out the window when it gets full.”

“Guess I better stay alert if I walk by your building then if I don’t want a surprise soaking!”

She laughed again, this time moving incrementally closer to me. “Don’t worry, I make sure there’s nobody underneath.” She then cringed and looked at me with pleading eyes. “Actually do you think I could ask another favor? My building is all the way across campus and you live in the new one right over there past the café right?”

My heart beat faster and faster. “That’s right. Did you want to-“ I almost said ‘use my toilet’ but that no longer made sense.

“Could I just maybe use…something in your room that would give me some privacy? Like it’s not even that I don’t want to go right here, I psychologically can’t pee out in the open like this, and it would get really embarrassing squatting with my pants down and nothing happening.”

I could hardly believe my luck. When the Pee Law first passed I was in heaven, but to my great disappointment truly exciting opportunities to watch girls pee in public had been limited to casual, by-the-books pees. It’s been a wild ride, don’t get me wrong, but the intimate experiences I fantasized about at the legislations inception had yet to materialize.

“No problem at all.” I tried to sound casual but my lightly quivering voice betrayed me.

“Thank you so much!” As she expressed her gratitude, another girl, this one a classmate of ours, waved to us as she walked past and suddenly sat down on a nearby bench, wiggled out of her pants, and shot a stream through the slats that pooled rapidly on the concrete below. “Umm,” Amanda began as the new sight presumably sent another spasm to her bladder, “Do you mind if we hurry?”

*005*2023-07-27 16:08

The Pee Law Part 2

My dorm room was pretty barren. I spent a lot of time studying at the library and working a few odd jobs around town so I never got around to decorating or even really furnishing the place. Besides the tiny bed, rickety desk, and moldy wardrobe the college provided, I had only added a few posters and a couple knick-knacks of memorabilia from back home. It wasn’t exactly a smooth spot to take a girl, but it was functional.

When we entered, Amanda rushed past me and looked around frantically. “Oh my god I’m about to wet my pants!” she cried. Her hands shot to her crotch and by the way she was squirming it seemed like she’d completely lose it if she took another step. I of course would have welcomed such a turn of events but some vaguely chivalrous notion overrode my keen interest in the situation, and so I said, somewhat awkwardly, “Well, the bathroom’s right through that door. I’ll just wait out here.” Each of the male dorms had rooms with attached bathrooms, but the female dorms had just one public bathroom on the first floor, and that was only available to male guests (although plenty of girls used it when shyness or convenience called for it, despite the potential fine they could incur.)

Amanda took a step forward and stopped. “You know, I really should train myself not to rely on a toilet. I’m not always gonna have a nice guy for an escort every time I have to take a leak.” She looked at me, her legs lightly trembling. “Do you have something else I could use?”

It took every ounce of self control not to show my excitement, either in the tenor of my voice or through other more physically apparent means. “I don’t have a bucket or anything, but…” I scanned the room and spotted an empty water bottle. “Here, you could use this?”

Amanda snatched the plastic bottle out of my hand and moved to pull her pants down when she caught herself. “Oh sorry, I guess I shouldn’t do this right in front of you. I’ll just take it in the bathroom and-“ her speech cut off suddenly and her eyes shot open. I was about to ask what was wrong when I saw her crotch darkening and heard a barely audible hissing noise. “Oh my god, I’m pissing myself!” She cried as she moved again to pull her pants down. Unfortunately, in her frantic haste, she wound up knocking the bottle out of her own hands just as she pulled her clothing down to her knees.

At this point she was in full flow, the yellow stream poured into her panties and all over her hand. It was an explosive, thick stream that covered her clothes but also sprinkled out in every direction, coating the floor with yellow droplets. She made a move to pick up the bottle, which had rolled all the way across the room, but at the same time I also lunged to pick it up for her. Like a couple of vaudeville actors we collided right into each other and fell to the ground in a two-person heap.

Amanda lay across me, her pee gushing violently onto my pant leg. We both tried to get up at once which only sent her stream sputtering every which way, soaking the lower half of my torso. She was also completely covered in her own pee, her entire lower half dripping and still getting continuously doused. I managed to pick myself up, trying not to slip in the expanding lake on the floor, and step away from the peeing, crying but still unbelievably beautiful girl on my dorm room floor.

She tried to get up yet again but the way her pants dangled halfway around her knees thwarted her effort and she fell slightly backwards, her legs splayed in the air, and sent a massive gush of pee in a perfect arc through the air. I stood completely transfixed on the sight. I would have continued silently and excitedly observing but that nagging sense of right and wrong cracked an electric whip through my nervous system and sent me into overdrive in an attempt to save the poor girl some dignity and a few unsoaked articles of clothing.

Amanda, having given up on trying to stand, was now futilely trying to cover the stream with her hands, as if she could plug the flow, but it forced its way through her fingers while making a sucking, squirting sound and bursting outward in a wide, horizontal shotgun-like spread. The empty bottle was directly in the line of fire. When I crouched down to pick it up my chest was covered by the ceaseless fountain, which made Amanda yelp in shame. She buried her face in her hands, seemingly forgetting or ignoring the fact they were covered in pee, and began to sob.

“Here’s-“ I began to offer her the bottle but in her state it was clear she was utterly defeated and resigned to her urinary fate. Without skipping a beat, I crossed the room and bent down next to her. Her pee was still gushing in a voluminous spray. Acting quickly, I tentatively placed the bottle near the source of her stream and, without trying to look too long at her privates, I tilted the bottle so that it was placed directly under he gushing hole. At first the two openings were not fully aligned and this only resulted in an even more frantic burst of urine that exploded in all directions, covering us both with a heavy sprinkling. Taking a second, more thoughtful look, I realigned the bottle and successfully placed it.

It wasn’t perfect. The female anatomy doesn’t lend itself well to bottle-peeing, and a thin rivulet poured down the side onto my hand, but it was a massive reduction in the mess that was being created just moments before. The bottle was filling up at rapid speed. “How could she still have so much left!” I thought to myself. The yellow liquid now filled half the bottle, which was becoming warmer and wetter by the second. Amanda had reduced her sobs to sniffled and looked at me sheepishly as her pee continued to flow. “I’m sorry,” she said in a thin voice.

“Don’t worry about it,” I replied. I wished I could reassure her more, but I needed full concentration to address the hydraulics of the situation. The pitch of liquid hitting liquid grew higher as the bottle filled. It was nearly at the top, but miraculously it seemed the stream was beginning to taper off. Amanda had a distant look in her eyes, as if she wished she could be anywhere else but there right now. With just inches to spare, her pee finally stopped before overflowing.

The room, which had been ringing with the sound of sobs and spraying pee for the past minute or so, had gone completely quiet as the two of us contemplated our next move. Here she was, sitting in a puddle of her own pee with her vagina on full display, and here I was, inches away from it holding a full bottle of her pee. Without another word, Amanda jumped up, adjusted her clothing, and sprinted out of my room. I wanted to stop her, tell her it was okay and there was no reason to be embarrassed, but it behooved me to find a cap for the bottle before anything else.

Once I properly secured the urine-filled bottle, I gazed at the door she had just slammed behind her with a deep sense of regret. “This will probably be the last time she speaks to me,” I thought to myself.

*009*2023-08-14 19:41

The Pee Law Part 3

The next few days of class were unbearably awkward. Whenever Amanda made eye contact with me in class, her face turned beat red, and she’d make an effort to focus her full attention on the lecture. On Friday our professor, a fairly recent grad of this very university who insisted we just call her Sasha, was re-explaining the regulations that would be in place for the upcoming midterm exams.

“Now because of the time constraints you’ll be facing between studying and actually taking exams, the usual rules need to be tweaked, particularly in regards to the Pee Law.” She cleared her throat and slightly blushed; Amanda wasn’t the only woman not yet fully accustomed to the new urinary expectations. “The students who normally clean the rooms in between lectures will be unavailable during midterm week, so the girls in this class will need to be a little less free with their….habits, for a time.” Sasha was referring to the part-time custodial positions offered to students on certain financial plans. You see, water conservation wasn’t the only reason for the Pee Law; it was also a surprisingly effective way to boost jobs.

“The girls may still, uh, urinate whenever the need arises,” Sasha continued, “but you’ll need to make use of a container of sorts. I recommend something with a wide opening, like a Gatorade bottle.” Some of the girls groaned at this, and all looked at least a little disappointed. Not only had many of them grown to enjoy aiming their streams freely in the classroom, but they also imagined the logistical challenge this would pose.

“I know this isn’t ideal,” Sasha went on, “but we just need to power through this one week.”

A girl named Jess raised her hand. “What do we do if we need to go today but didn’t bring a container?”

“The normal rules still apply until next week, so please take care if your needs as you see fit.” Sasha responded. Jess looked relieved, as did some of the other girls. As Sasha pivoted into explaining details about the actual exam, I kept my eyes on Jess. She was a petite brunette, but despite her diminutive size I’ve watched her unleash a tsunami of pee both inside and outside the classroom.

As I was focused on Jess, I heard a telltale pattering coming from behind me. I couldn’t turn around and gawk, but in my head I visualized the steadily increasing gush pouring out of the girl sitting behind me. Her name was Lisa, a curly-haired redhead who always seemed to know the answers in class. This was one of the many times she peed during this class, and her puddle always extended past my feet where I could admire it; even if I couldn’t witness the act, I could still appreciate the aftermath, and this was no exception.

Lisa’s pee creeped lazily down the aisle, the downslope forcing it further and further. As soon as the yellow river reached Jess’s desk, the brunette hopped out of her seat, lifted her floral-patterned dress, pulled her panties aside, and added her own bladder’s contents to Lisa’s pool of pee. The audial and visual stimuli must have galvanized Jess’s bladder, because her pee came flowing out before she even had a chance to squat, which meant she sprinkled the hem of her dress just a tiny bit. She positioned herself carefully, but even still a branching rivulet of Lisa’s urine engulfed Jess’s shoe. She was past the point of caring, however. Her eyes fluttered shut as she pissed directly into Lisa’s puddle while the other girl was still creating it.

The tinkling cacophony of two rapidly relieving bladders seemed to be the breaking point for many of the other girls in class, who presumably had thought today would be the official start of the new limitations and as a result had been holding back their pee, a struggle they hadn’t really had to face since the Pee Law was enacted. I counted five, six, then ten girls all sidling out of their seats and adding to the growing yellow ocean that covered the classroom floor. I sat in the middle so had a view of about five round butts all hovering over the tiles in front of me spraying pee in unison. One girl who sat near the front didn’t even bother to squat; she simply pulled her panties aside, lifted her legs, and aimed her stream at the podium, much to Sasha’s dismay.

Sasha clearly wanted to continue with the lecture, but the splashing sounds overwhelmed her voice and so she turned around and began writing on the board instead. The numerous peeing girls seemed nowhere near stopping, and I began to suspect by Sasha’s trembling hands that this was igniting a pavlovian reaction within her. I couldn’t imagine the prim and proper Sasha participating in such a crude communal act, but then again she was subject to the law same as everyone else, and manners only go so far when faced with biological needs.

My guess was proven accurate just moments later. Sasha let out a helpless yelp as a darkness began to spread on the bottom half of her pantsuit. She dashed behind the podium, a structure far too small to provide the privacy she no doubt would have preferred, and squatted down. You’d almost not know what she was doing if not for the trail of pee that began to spread past the podium. She sighed with immense relief, and for a moment the divide between teacher and student was shattered.

At this point every single girl was relieving herself…except Amanda. She was practically thrashing in her seat from the overwhelming need to pee. I felt terrible knowing her recent escapade in my dorm room was likely the cause for her current refusal to release her aching bladder. Suddenly she stood up and stormed out of the classroom, nearly slipping on the lake of pee as she dashed for the exit. Without a second thought, and while Sasha was distracted by her still emptying bladder, I followed Amanda out into the hallway.

