The elf princes crimes and his punishment

Author: PrinceNyx

*000*2022-05-29 15:14

Prince Andrew hadn't exactly expected to be in the position he's in. Actually he didn't expect it at all. Having been kidnapped by orcs and tied up for their 'use', it was horrific. Be sat on the metal 'bed' with his arms up and legs spread, they'd taken his usual uniform, ones he specifically wore to other countries and locations as a sign of respect. It was all torn and put exactly on the floor where he could see it, just adding the the torment. All he had left was his boxers, and even then they had a few holes at the ends, it was fraied. His eyes shot around the dungeon, trying to see through the dark, it was even to dark for his elven eyes. He cursed to himself for a moment, frustration with everything that had happened. It was horrible. It was cold. He felt like he could feel and hear everything. But there he sat, scared and trembling.

Suddenly, a light from the corner of his eye caught his attention. A large, orc frame quickly caught it as well. Everything about his aura was angry.

"You. Elf. Did you take it?"

Andrew quickly yelled, "No, you brute! I don't need your garbage, let me go back home!" He whinced a little, tugging hard at the restraints. They were strong, despite the noises they made at his struggling. The orc just chuckles, and moves over to turn a light on. The elfs eyes burned as they got used to the sudden bright lights but once they did, a horrified look on his face came.

There were a assortment of different toys, torture tools to the elf. He quickly shot up to look at the orc, while the orc stared down at his body. And his eyes seems to linger at his bladder.

Andrew had quite the strong bladder, could hold for ages if he wanted too. But it definitely showed, there was a buldge right between his hips. He hadn't even realized. He hums a little, uninterested but noting what the orc saw. Though, while he was distracted, the orc started slowly and gently dragging his claws up his sides to his ribs.

Nearly immediately a grin crept arross his face, but no noise spilled out. He wouldn't let it. He refused.

The orc smiled down at the elf, he asked again, "did ya take it, princeling?"

"No."

The elf glared up at the orc, before he moved to scratch up the sides of his back, giggles spill out. With the elf moving so much, he found it quite a bit harder to keep holding in his piss. The orc grinned at the situation, dispite how light it was, given the longer term plans. The orc pulls his hands away, leaving Andrew desperately trying to catch his breath.

The orc says in a fake high pitched whine, "you know how this goes, Andrew, give in and I'll go easy on you." He knew the elf wouldn't take him up on the offer; but it was fun to watch the man struggle, knowing he could have gotten out of it earlier.

"Absolutely not, Erik. You know I'll never take you up on that. I'd rather choke right here." The elf said, firmly. His face twisted in a scowl, his nose scrunched. The orc laughed, "remember the safe word, love?"

"Orange."

"Good."

The orcs nails scattered around the elves armpits, digging into the hollows. Andrew squealed, quickly dropping into hysterics. His bladder slowly giving out, dispite the struggle to avoid it. Drops leaked out into his grey boxers, it was noticable in the cotton. The orc gave an amused smile, "you'll wet yourself if you can't just admit it." The elf was far too gone already to respond. The orc gave him a loving smile, and pulled away, walking towards the elfs bladder. "There's nothing to admit, I didn't take the stupid vase. You just found it a garage sale, regardless. Who cares?"

"It's the principle. I know how elves are, always sneaking around and stealing whatever they so damn well please. Was it worth it?" The orc slid his hands around the elfs bladder, before a strong push was given. The elf squealed and 'oh!' and 'please, let go!' quickly spilled from the man's mouth. The orc did as he said for a moment, only to target his inner thighs next. Nails gently being dragged down, gentle touches right before the cruelest ones always made the elf squirm. And he did just that, trying desperately to shut his legs.

And then the crueler touchs followed, the orc digged his nails in, making quick circles around the skin. The elf let out a yelp before loud laughter filled the dungeon. His bladder gave out fully, leaking everywhere on the cold metal he was laying on. Andrews face redded, humiliated.

"Oh no..couldnt take it anymore, could you, princess?" The orc teased.

"D-dohohont call me that!" He managed to respond, though cackles.

The orc pulled his hands away, "wanna admit it?"

"I..I..t-took it."

"Good, let's get you cleaned up for your trip back to that little village you live in." The orc laughed as the tired elf pouts. "Okay, my love."

*002*2022-05-30 18:16

{{13 hours ago, Ironylord said:

This is so cute! More please!

}}

I will when a new idea comes to me!! :)

