Omovember 2020: Day 29

Author: PPP

*000*2020-12-01 02:51

$$

I'm kinda surprised nobody's done a Fire Force story yet. I mean, the characters are hot (heh), and I feel like the premise could lead to some fun scenarios. Like this, for example.

###

Day 29: Unable to get clothing off in time Maki (Fire Force)

###

The year was Solar Calendar 198. The world was a harsh place. Of all the many ways to die, there was one that was feared above all: death by fire. A new phenomenon had popped up known as Spontaneous Human Combustion. The condition turned people into Infernals, rampaging beasts made of flame. It was up to Special Fire Forces, like Company 8, to stop them.

The alarm sounded, and Maki Oze was ready for action. Putting on her bulky firefighting gear, she raced to the garage, where the rest of Company 8 was already assembled.

“We’ve got to move, people!” barked Captain Akitaru Ōbi. “Everyone into the Matchbox, I’ll explain on the way.” The Matchbox was Company 8’s nickname for the tank-like armored firetruck they used. It was a tight squeeze, but everyone managed to pile in.

“Our target this time is a former salaryman,” Akitaru explained, raising his voice over the wail of the siren. “According to the report, he’s destroying the fifth floor of his office building.”

“So we need to get there fast,” Lieutenant Takehisa Hinawa reasoned, “or the whole thing could collapse.”

“Correct,” said Akitaru grimly. “There are hundreds of people trapped on the floors above. Everybody hold on tight!” The Matchbox shot forward, rocking back and forth on the uneven roads. Maki groaned as she swayed back and forth.

“What’s wrong?” asked Tamaki Kotatsu. “Carsick?”

“No, I’m fine,” said Maki. The truth was that she hadn’t relieved herself since that morning. Now, the constant movement was making all her pent-up pee slosh around in her bladder. Maki crossed her legs and prayed they’d arrive soon.

Luckily, the journey didn’t take too long. The massive crowd of evacuees cleared, making room for the Matchbox. Maki took in the scene before her. The entire fifth floor was an inferno, and she could hear the people trapped above.

“Okay, here’s the plan,” Akitaru said hurriedly. “Kusakabe, grab Oze and fly up to the fifth floor. Everyone else, take the stairs and meet them there.”

“Got it,” said Shinra Kusakabe. The new recruit was a Third Generation pyrokinetic with the ability to shoot fire from his feet, propelling himself at high speeds. He held out his arms, and Maki backed into them.

“You better not try to cop a feel,” she warned.

“Like that’s possible through these jackets,” Shinra snarked. As the two began their ascent, Maki felt another twinge in her bladder.

Ignore it, she told herself. There are people to save!

Shinra stopped at the fifth floor and hovered in place. There was an open window, but flames were blocking it.

“Maki, you know what to do,” he said.

“Right,” said Maki. As a Second Generation pyrokinetic, she couldn’t make flames, but she could manipulate existing ones. With a wave of her hands, she cleared a path in the wall of fire. Shinra flew through and not-so-gently dropped Maki to the floor.

“Nice landing!” she griped, feeling the impact knock a few drops of pee loose.

“Sorry,” said Shinra.

“Never mind,” Maki sighed. “Let’s just find the Infer-” Her words were cut off by a monstrous roar.

“I think we just did,” Shinra commented.

Sure enough, the Infernal emerged from the fire, howling with rage. A huge, dark, vaguely human figure wreathed in flames, it charged at Maki. She dodged, jostling her bladder uncomfortably, and used her powers to push aside the flames on the floor. This cleared a path for Shinra, who immediately seized the opportunity. Powered by his fire, he leapt into the air and delivered a burning kick straight to the Infernal’s chest, shattering its core. The monster howled one last time then perished, disappearing in a burst of flame.

“Nice work,” said Akitaru, arriving on the scene shortly after. “The two of you can head back to the Matchbox; the rest of us will clean up here.”

“Thank you, Captain,” said Maki. “I, uh, think I’ll take the stairs this time.” She wasn’t sure her bladder would survive another flight with Shinra…

Maki was in agony as she waited for what seemed like an eternity. The whole time Akitaru gave his after-action speech, all she could think about was how badly she needed to pee. Even worse, although the drive back was slower, it was just as bumpy. By the time they reached the station, Maki’s underwear was more than a little damp. She jumped out of the truck and was about to excuse herself when Tamaki interrupted.

“I’ll be right back,” she said. “I gotta use the bathroom; I’ve been holding it for the entire ride back!”

She must be better at hiding it than me, Maki thought, watching the other girl sprint off.

“Me too!” was all she said before she ran after Tamaki.

Maki was a fast runner, and she actually reached the restroom before Tamaki. Her hands fumbling and her bladder quivering, Maki began to remove her heavy jacket. The garment took an agonizingly long time to take off, and while she was doing so, Tamaki appeared in the doorway.

“Hey,” cried Tamaki, “wait for me -aah!” The girl slipped and fell. When she hit the ground, her jacket fell off, then her pants. Tamaki was exceptionally clumsy, and suffered from what she called the “Lucky Lecher Lure,” which would cause her to somehow lose her clothes or get into other lewd situations at the worst times.

“No!” cried Tamaki, turning red. “I- hey, it would have taken forever to get undressed! I never thought I’d say this, but thank you, Lucky Lecher Lure!”

Lucky, thought Maki as the underwear-clad girl rushed into the nearest stall. She tried not to listen to the splash and sigh of relief as Tamaki began peeing.

Finally, Maki’s jacket came off. She cringed as she felt another spurt of pee escape.

Come on, she told herself, you can do this. Just gotta get the pants off next. Maki undid her belt and began to remove her bulky trousers. As she did, however, she started leaking at a slow but constant rate.

“No no no!” she said to herself, her pants now down to her ankles. “Just a bit more, please!”

But her bladder could take no more. The moment Maki kicked off her pants, it completely let go, unleashing a flood of pee into her shorts. She tried to stop it, but it was no use. Urine kept pouring out of her, soaking her crotch and running down her bare legs. Defeated, Maki slumped down into the puddle of her own making.

Around the time Maki finally finished peeing, she heard a toilet flush.

“Phew, that’s better!” said Tamaki, walking out of the stall. Then she noticed the pool of pee beneath her coworker. “Oh, Maki. I’m so sorry!”

“It’s- it’s okay,” Maki sniffed, standing up. Her lower body was now thoroughly drenched. “I just wet myself like a baby, that’s all.”

“Hey,” said Tamaki, putting a hand on her shoulder, “don’t feel bad. This doesn’t make you any less of a fire soldier. I mean, embarrassing stuff happens to me all the time!”

“I guess you’re right,” said Maki, smiling. “But I do need to wash myself off. Wanna hit the showers with me?”

“Last one in is a rotten egg!” Tamaki shouted. She took a step towards the showers and her panties fell down.

“Lucky Lecher Lure strikes again,” Tamaki sighed.

###

