Amy's Agony

Author: pguy69

*000*2022-12-03 16:35

Amy had been run ragged trying to organise this charity event for work. It felt like it was all that she had been thinking about for the past 3 months, and here we were, the big night was upon us! She had work as normal all day, then when she finished at 4, a mad dash across London to a hotel, where she was playing host to the big event! She hated being the centre of attention, but she knew that there was a potential promotion in the offing here, and she was out to impress.

She finished work at 4, and nipped into the Ladies room, more just to see how she looked than anything else. She spent 5 minutes touching up her make up and checked herself out in the mirror. She was wearing a short black skirt, but not too short, with black sheer tights, a white shirt and black jacket. She looked thoroughly professional. She was only 21, and the thought of her as a businesswoman made her laugh, but that was very much her goal, and as she stood back, she knew she had nailed the look! She took the opportunity to quicky use the toilet and then headed off to the tube.

It was a hot day in London, and that meant tourists...everywhere. It was Friday afternoon, and it was packed. She dashed to the tube station, on a tight schedule, and found the station absolutely bustling. She missed the train she was aiming for and had to wait 6 minutes for the next one. She glanced at her watch, nervously. 16:15. She was meant to be at the hotel for half past 4. It was going to be a close run thing and she knew it. She was just grateful that her partner, Rob, had agreed to meet her there to set up. Guests were due to start arriving from 5, and it was going to be tight. She opened her bag and finished her bottle of water. It was hot, and stress situations always made her thirsty!

She waited impatiently, and texted Rob, only to find out that he was also delayed in London's tea-time gridlock. When the train arrived she got on, but it was every bit as packed as the station, and she found herself standing, and having to hold the overhead rail. As she stretched she could feel the hem of her skirt rising and was painfully aware of how close she was to flashing her bum to a carriage load of tourists.

It was only a ten-minute tube journey, but it consisted of an uncomfortable compromise between almost falling over at every station, or flashing herself to anyone who was looking her way. Finally though, the train arrived, and she dashed out of the station and straight to the hotel, arriving at 16:45, just as she saw Rob dashing down the road. The guests were arriving at 17:00, and they still had a room to set up. She did not need them both to be late.

As they dashed into the conference room, they were met by hotel staff who explained that they had plenty of drinks available, and they would come to check the room was fully stocked regularly. There was tea, coffee and ice water, along with plenty of wine and beer for her guests. Amy hurriedly poured a glass of water, it was hot and she was stressed, so she glugged that down and set to business. Rob rearranged the furniture, whilst she went about decorating the room, putting up posters, and promotional materials, at one point, as she stretched to hang some bunting, Rob caught a glance and said,

"Wahay Ames, that skirt is a bit short isn't it, nice knickers!".

Even though he was her partner, she felt herself blushing beet red. She was, by no means, a shy girl, but she was certainly not happy about flashing herself in such a public space!

When they finished setting the room up, guests were already beginning to arrive, and Amy went straight into hostess mode. This was her event and she was out to impress! Wine was flowing freely, but Amy needed to keep a clear head. As she welcomed various people, she found herself constantly topping up her glass with water and true to their word, the hotel staff were replenishing the drinks freely and regularly. As the presentations started, she felt her bladder for the first time. Nothing serious at this stage, but enough to make her glance at her watch. Now the event had started there was 2 hours to go, and no way she would have time to run to the Ladies. She needed to slow down with the water, she poured herself a coffee and vowed she would make that last.

Over the next 2 hours the coffee and water that she had quaffed made its way to her bladder and she felt herself getting fuller and fuller. She found she was looking at the sign for the toilets at the back of the room at regular intervals, but she suppressed her need and continued to impress. Her presentation was last, and she had put a lot of work into it! She did most of it with her legs crossed, although her need was great, she was by no means desperate, but she was glad when it was over. The presentations ended and Amy and the company director schmoozed the guests and collected many donations. There was no doubt it had been a huge success.

Finally, the event was over, and she could take care of her bladder, so she made straight to the Ladies room. To her horror though, she was met at the door by Lauren, her company director, and the woman she was trying so hard to impress.

"Amy" she exclaimed, "Darling, this has been superb".

She moved in to hug her, and Amy awkwardly reciprocated.

She wanted to pull away, and run into the Ladies, but knew she had to talk to her boss.

"It's going well, isn't it?" she said, but Lauren stopped her in her tracks.

"Amy, sweetie, I'm really sorry, we'll talk in a second, right now though I MUST use the little girls room".

Amy blushed at her brazen admission. She could never talk about bodily functions, especially not to a colleague, but Lauren obviously needed to go, and didn't care who knew it! As Lauren pushed into the Ladies, so Amy followed, and they were faced with a room containing 3 cubicles, and 3 locked doors, with 2 young girls waiting patiently outside.

Lauren immediately gasped out "You have got to be kidding me! All the free wine at these events is great, until it needs to get back out again, can I jump the queue?".

"You're joking aren't you?" said the girl at the front, squirming, "I'm bloody bursting here".

To Michelle's shock, she watched as Lauren pressed her hand into the crotch of her business suit.

"Oh fuck, they better hurry up in there, I am seriously about to piss myself here."

At the same point, the door opened, and a staff member walked in.

"Can I ask you to use the toilets in the main reception please, these are being closed now the event is over".

The second girl in line shrugged and left, but the girl at the front and Lauren refused point blank to go. Amy was mortified and said she didn't need to go that badly, and she'd go to the reception. She left the room as her bladder twinged in protest, but she couldn't bring herself to make a scene, no matter how bad her need.

When she got to the reception, she saw there was only one disabled loo and already 4 women waiting to use it. She groaned as Rob suddenly approached her.

"There you are", he said, "You good to go?".

She looked at the door to the Ladies room longingly. She needed to pee, badly. Really badly, but it wasn't an emergency, and the line was not moving. She'd just go at the station, she'd be fine, she thought, and smiled at Rob "Come on then".

As soon as she got outside she started to worry that she'd made a bad decision, and as she hobbled across the road, she thought about nothing but dashing to the station toilets immediately! It'd be quicker than standing in line in the hotel anyway, she kidded herself. As they entered the station, Rob already had his ticket out, but there was only one thing on Amy's mind.

"I'm just going to run to the Ladies" she said, trying to sound calm, "I didn't get chance in the hotel."

"You can't, silly", replied Rob, "They've closed them down"

"WHAT!" gasped Amy, as her bladder protested furiously, "you can't be serious!"

"Yes, do you not remember the thing in the press, something about policing, or security or something, apparently station lavs are rife with drugs, so they're locking them all at 7."

"They can't do that!" gasped Amy,

"It was 5!" he added calmly, "They only increased it to 7 after commuters were protesting about it."

Now that he mentioned it, she did remember reading something, "Shit" she thought, this couldn't be happening, she needed to pee, and it was getting urgent!

"Come on" said Rob, "the train will be here soon, you'll be home in no time"

She thought about dashing back to the hotel, but she'd definitely miss her train, she was staring almost aghast at the signs which teased "TOILETS".

"Is it that bad?" Rob asked sounding concerned.

"Erm, no" she lied "Well, I need to go, but I'll be OK"

What choice did she have, she pulled out her ticket and they made their way to the station, she was just going to have to wait!

As they stood on the platform, Rob was clearly looking for an invite back to Amy's.

"You were so amazing tonight" he said, "I hope you know how special you are".

Whilst flattered, all Amy could think about now was having a wee. Her bladder was throbbing, she had to get rid of him. She pressed her thighs together, as she said,

"Thanks Rob, I really appreciate your help you know",

"Let's go back to yours and celebrate a great event"

"Aw no, I would, but I am working really early again tomorrow though".

His train pulled onto the platform, as he said "I don't mind that, I will ride in with you, and then go home and freshen up".

Amy squirmed, and snapped at him

"NO ROB", he looked shocked, "I'm sorry, I just really need to get home and go to sleep, I am sorry, I will see you at the weekend, please, just go home".

"Fine" he said, sharply, as he turned to leave, "be like that".

She felt awful, but as soon as his back was turned, she started to bob up and down frantically. She NEEDED a wee, like really badly, and she was really starting to panic about what her options were.

Surely there had to be a Ladies room open somewhere in this station, there had to be. Was it not the law? Maybe they had brought in porta-potties? She looked back to the stairs and really thought about dashing up them to search for the toilet, she knew didn't exist, and then looked at the screen.

"NEXT TRAIN - FINCHLEY ROAD - 1 MIN".

"SHIT" she said to herself, there's no time, and I need to catch this train, or I'll miss my connection, and I'll never get home! Her bladder pulsed and asked her to reconsider, but she had no choice. She was a fully grown adult, and she was just going to have to hold it! Just another half hour, that was all. She wasn't a child, anyone could hold their bladder for 30 minutes, no matter how bad their need...Couldn't they?

As she stood waiting, she could feel herself squirming. Why? Oh God, WHY had she drunk so much at that bloody charity event and WHY WHY WHY didn't she just use the toilet before she left! She cursed herself, but as the train pulled onto the station, there was nothing she could do but clamber on board, cross her legs, and wait until she got to Finchley Road!

As the train pulled away, she scanned the station, and couldn't believe how busy it still was. How were there still no seats. She stood at the back, legs crossed, biting her lip and clenching herself closed for all she was worth. This could not be happening. The first station passed, then the second. The train was making good progress, but her need was increasing by the second. Her bottom lip quivered as her bladder screamed at her, demanding that she find some relief. Another station passed, 15 minutes had passed, but it felt like she'd been on there for hours. She was almost bent double as her thighs scissored together, when she heard a little boy sat near her say,

"Look mummy, I think that lady needs to potty too".

She was absolutely mortified and stood bolt upright, as the young boys mum told him off. She tried to pretend there was nothing wrong, and to look composed, but there was something wrong. Her bladder burned and she felt a quick squirt spurt into her expensive knickers. She groaned out loud, and went into the most incredible pee dance, fighting herself for control.

Another station approached, "The next station is Baker Street", the Tanoy announced. Just 1 more to go and she could get off and find relief. Her bladder screamed at her with a new urgency. She wanted to cry; this couldn't be happening. For the first time in her adult life, she genuinely felt that she might break down and wet her pants. She had never even contemplated such a thing, and always assumed she could hold on as long as was necessary, but her bits were on fire, demanding relief NOW. She couldn't stand still for a single second. Her mind was racing, she had to get to Finchley Street to change trains, or she'd never got home.

The train pulled into Baker Street, and she stared at the open door. She wanted to wait 'til the next stop, but she was in agony. There was no way she could wait, even if she got to the next station, she didn't know where the toilets were, and she would wet herself looking.

"OH FUCK" she stammered under her breath and darted for the door.

As she staggered out onto the platform, she tried to press a hand between her legs, but her skirt was too tight. She was fully panicking now, as she hopped up and down on the spot, tears welling up in her eyes.

"I need a wee" she whimpered, to no-one in particular, "Oh Christ, what am I going to do". She frantically scanned the scene, desperately searching for a toilet, but there was nothing, other than a huge flight of stairs.

She started up them, each step sending a jolt of urgency to her bladder. She was going out of her mind! At the top of the stairs she scanned desperately, but couldn't see any toilets! She hobbled over to the ticket barriers and ran to the miserable looking security man.

"Toilets" she gasped, "erm, sorry, where are the toilets please"

"Sorry Love, they've locked them" he replied, barely looking up.

"Oh, erm, it's kinda an emergency" she pleaded.

He looked her up and down, "Yeah, I can see that, sorry, there's nothing I can do"

"PLEASE" she almost wailed, "please, help me, is there a staff toilet, honestly, oh shit, it's nearly coming out"

"Don't be ridiculous" he said, gruffly, "there's a Wetherspoons over the road, if it's bad, I'm sure you could nip in there."

There was no point arguing with him, she had to get there now, so she made for the exits, and dashed across the road, desperately trying to press her thighs together as she moved. Her head was spinning.

She burst through the door of Wetherspoons, and it was predictably packed, but Amy was beyond caring, she needed the Ladies and she needed it now. She knew the toilets were upstairs, but there was no way she could face another agonising flight of stairs, she would have to use the disabled. She pushed into the main bar, and frantically scanned around. Her bladder screaming at her.

"WHERE ARE THEY!" she gasped out loud, and a young lad turned to her. Her vision was blurring she needed to pee so badly, as she pushed on, she saw a sign for the disabled toilet.

"oh thank fuck" she thought, she ran towards the door, and then THUD, it was locked.

"NO NO NO" she wailed, "PLEASE". She was hammering on the door, "Please, please hurry up in there".

A young glass collector walked past her and she tried to compose herself. He looked about 17, and she didn't want to make a show of herself.

"The toilets are upstairs madam" he said.

Michelle wanted the ground to eat her up, but more than that she wanted, no she NEEDED to pee, like right now.

"I need to use this one" she said, again, knocking on the door.

"There's no point knocking, there is no-one in there" he said.

"WHAT" gasped Michelle, "Please, open it then, please, I need to go..."

"...and as I said, the toilets are upstairs madam".

She felt a spurt of pee blast into her knickers, much more serious than the last and she started the most frantic pee dance she had ever done, "PLEASE" she wailed at him, as her pussy burned, trying to force the deluge of red-hot piss into her knickers, "PLEASE, OH GOD, please. Look at me, please help me, please, I neeed a weeee".

"I'm sorry madame, but disabled patrons carry a RADAR key, and this toilet is for use by disabled persons only".

It was all getting too much, and she burst into tears, "please help me, please, I am going to wet myself, you have to help me".

The young lad's face visibly changed, as he realised this girl was having a genuine emergency. Every week he had to turn people away from the disabled loos, just because people couldn't be bothered going upstairs, and he'd assumed this was more of the same. She stood infront of him now though, with tears flooding down her face, absolutely begging him to help her. He wanted to, but he couldn't.

"Oh my God" he said, "is it really that bad? I will go and get the key, but it is in the manager's office, and its packed, it'll take ages, honestly, you'll be quicker running upstairs, it looks like you haven't got long to spare!"

"PLEASE" she babbled again, almost incoherently, she had her hand underneath her skirt now, no longer caring who could see what, "Is there no way you can open it now, I NEEEEEED it".

"I can see that love, but honestly, it'll take me at least 5 minutes, you need to make a run for it".

Another red hot spurt forced its way out of her tighly clenched lips, and into her now soaking knickers.

"OH GOD" she gasped and turned to make her way out, dashing for the stairs. She couldn't take her hand away now, her aching, tired muscles needed all the help they could get. She tried to dash up the stairs, but each one caused her a new agony. She barely knew if she was weeing or not, as pain seered through her whole body.

"Come on, come on" she muttered to herself, as her right hand worked furiously between her legs, her skirt now almost around her waist. She heard a couple of derogatory comments, but her whole world was a blur right now. Nothing, literally nothing, mattered to her other than that little hole between her legs. Never had she had to clench so hard to contain herself. She had been desperate to wee before, god knows, she had nearly wet herself on a night out a few years back, but she had never felt anything like this, she didn't even believe it was possible to be so desperate.

Each step sent a jolt of pain through her bladder and the leaks were almost constant. She was agony, her knickers were soaked and there were small rivulets running down her thighs. Finally, though she got to the top and saw the door she had longed for, for so long.

"LADIES".

"Oh thank god", she said, running for it.

She burst through the door to find it was really busy in there. There were a group of girls around the sinks taking selfies, who turned to look at her. One stepped back, blocking her path.

"There's a queue in here" she said, pointing her phone at Amy, as one of her friends shouted, "don't be tight, look at her".

Michelle pushed past them, towards an open cubicle. She could see the toilet she had needed for so long. She yanked her tights down and was already pulling the crotch of her knickers aside as she dashed for it. The cubicle next to it opened and a young girl saw her desperate dash, "What the fuck!" she gasped, but the floodgates opened, and Amy started to pee full force, she threw herself down onto the toilet, the door still open, and

"AHHHHHHHHHHHH, Oh fuck yes, oh my God, oh a wee, oh thankyou" she babbled as she finally relaxed and let her full bladder empty. The relief was like nothing she'd ever felt before as pee gushed from her. She was shaking as she opened her eyes, and saw at 4 girls staring at her.

"Are you OK?" asked the girl who'd been leaving the cubicle next to hers.

"It looks like you needed that" added the young chav stood next to her.

Humiliation now washed over her as she clamped her legs closed and tried to cover her private parts. She was still in floods of tears.

"I'm sorry" she stammered, "please don't look, I needed a wee so bad"

"We can see that" added the young chav, "You left a fucking stream across the floor"

An older lady pulled her cubicle closed telling the others to leave her alone. Michelle tried to clean herself up. Her knickers were soaked amd her tights were wet right down past the knees, so she took them off, and to her horror, found the back of her skirt was wet too. She put her ruined knickers and tights in the sanitary bin and dried her legs with loo roll, there seemed to be wee everywhere. As she flushed the toilet, the older woman was still waiting for her.

"You poor thing" she said "At least it's over now, you must feel better for it, it's awful being caught short isn't it".....

