The Dirtbag Club

Author: pinkelpeter

*000*2023-08-15 19:59

After way too long, I finally took time again to write something. I'm sad I didn't continue on my other story. Maybe some day I will. For now, here's a new scenario. It's a bit different.

Warning: This story will feature much different stuff, possibly something you will not like. There's strictly no scat stuff in it because that's not my thing, but other bodily fluids and food stuff. I don't want to spoil where I'm going exactly with this, so just be warned.

Prequel

You know how life sometimes surprises you? How you slide into situations you couldn't have imagined, are weirded out, and then ultimately love it? That happened to me when I was introduced to the Dirtbag Club. It all started on a hot day in June in my university's cafeteria. Unlikely place, but hear me out.

My friend Steph and I were having lunch, spaghetti bolognese. Not my favourite, but solid. And cheap. Perfect for a student. Anyway, I was wearing a white tank top and short black track pants that day, because I was hot and also because, at that point, I was not really interested in finding a man, so I wasn't that obsessed with my looks. My choice of outfit matters though, we're getting there. So, we were eating and talking and laughing and then the expected happened. I was clumsy with my fork, dropped it, and sprinkled bolognese sauce all over myself. Which, of course, was almost flashing on my white top. I laughed about it, after all it's my fault for wearing white when I knew it was spaghetti day. Steph on the other hand went quiet, looked at me intently. It was weirding me out a bit. She snapped out of it, shook her head and got up.

"I'll... uhm, get you some napkins, yeah" she said.

I was surprised by her reaction. One minute before, Steph was laughing with me and enjoying her meal, now she looked as if she saw a ghost. When she came back, she turned around when I cleaned myself up. As if I was undressing or something. As you can imagine, my cleanup plans were futile, I only managed to smear it around. I faced Steph.

"It's no use. You know, if it wasn't white, I would just go to the bathroom and put some water on it. But it would go see-through instantly." I said. Then again, if it wasn't white it wouldn't show up that much. Once again, Steph reacted weirdly. She gulped, faked a smile with an obvious worry line on her head, and after a few seconds of silence opened her mouth.

"Haha, I bet it would! You shouldn't do that!" she said. Her voice was nervous. I was concerned.

"Everything okay with you? You act... kind of suspicious" I said. Her eyes got big. Quickly, she turned around again and stuttered.

"Uhm, sure, it's... I'm just worried about... Nevermind. Oh, I've gotta go, see you" she said. With that, she quickly darted to the door, looking back a few times, nearly bumping into a guy. As suspicious as it was, I thought nothing of it and finished my meal. I had no more classes that day, so I wasn't too worried about my mishap.

Next day, I chose to wear a black top just in case. It seemed silly to me, but I was reminded of Stephs reaction. When we met in class, she behaved normal again. I chose not to ask her about yesterday. If she wants to tell me, she will. The lecture was uneventful, the one after that too. The third one, however, was different.

As it was a hot day, I drank much more water than usual. Now any of you should have an idea what happened next, but I have to disappoint you. At least for now. I wasn't that desperate, but I noticed my bladder. Towards the end, I started shifting on my seat a bit. When I glanced at Steph, I found her looking right through me, almost as if she was daydreaming. I leaned towards her and whispered

"Thank god it's only ten minutes left, I've gotta pee"

With that seemingly innocent statement, Steph was full-on weird again. She sat up straight, looked towards the front and, while still looking ahead, answered:

"Yes. Uhm. Only ten minutes, right."

I thought, what kind of weird answer is that? I was annoyed.

"What's up with you again? You're weird again. Talk after the lecture?" I said. Steph, still looking straight ahead, answered.

"Uhm, sorry. Y-yeah. Okay. Sorry." she said. Yeah, whatever.

After the lecture, I followed her outside. She basically jumped off her seat, almost as if she was the one needing a wee. I caught up to her. She faced me.

"You maybe better go pee first. I'll wait.", she said. Uhm, okay. Still, I wasn't that desperate yet, but okay. When I went to the girl's room, she looked away again. It's her room too, I don't get it. She knows what's in there.

When I got back, she led me towards a secluded spot outside. And then I waited. You know this weird kind of silence when someone wants to tell you something but can't get himself to it? Steph put a cig in her mouth. Another after that. Now and then, she looked at me shorty. When she lit up her third one, I grabbed it and put it in my own mouth. After a drag, I calmly, but firmly told her:

"Come on. We've known each other for eight years. What's wrong?" I said. I gave her the cigarette back, like it was a microphone. It worked.

"It's... It's complicated.", she said. "Yeah, go figure. Try it." I said.

"Okay... So. Promise you won't be weirded out. Because, you know. It's kind of weird. Like, really weird.", she said. Finally, I thought. "Try me."

"So. There's this club at campus. I know it from a friend of mine. It's... not your usual club. It's called The Dirtbag Club."

*001*2023-08-15 21:05

Chapter 1: Getting into it

I couldn't help but laugh. "The Dirtbag Club? Really?" I said. Steph frowned and gestured to keep quiet.

"Ssh. Please. Keep it down. It's secret."

"So it's a secret society... of dirtbags?" I said.

"I don't think they call themselves that. But, I guess? So... This club. It's a strictly female-only club. And it's pretty secretive, you only get in with an invitation. And every now and then, they do a party."

"A dirtbag party?" I interrupted her.

"Just... wait. But yeah, a Dirtbag party. Think of it as an experience. A dirty one."

"Dirty... how?" I said. She had all my attention now.

"In many ways, actually. In any way you could imagine. But no poo." Steph looked at me with big eyes. She obviously did not mean to say that.

"No WHAT?" I said. "Why... why would this be excluded? What kind of club is this?"

"Sorry. It's... I don't know how to describe it. Do... do you maybe want to join me for next party?" she said. I was baffled. Do I? I was curious but at the same time, I was concerned. I was glad there was no poo stuff, but... why would it be important to say this?

"Uhm, sure. Yeah. But.. Can I just do that? Like, secret and all?" I said. Laura instantly lit up.

"Of course. I'll get you into it. I mean the club... It's this Friday at 10pm. I'll come pick you up." she said.

"Sure, thanks. But please, tell me at least a bit more about it. Like, what's the dress code?"

"Oh! Glad you asked. It's... basically anything expendable" she said.

"What? But... okay, okay. No more questions. Like, an old t-shirt and leggings?" I said. Steph's eyes got big again. She smiled.

"Yeah! Perfect! That's... that's great" she said. She was still nervous, but her mood got way better. We finished our cigarettes and went on with our day. The rest of the week, I constantly thought about this weird club with weird parties and even weirder rules. What should I expect? Finally, it was Friday. In the evening, I waited for Steph to arrive at my place. I lived outside of campus, while Steph lived in a dorm. She rung my bell at exactly 9:30pm. When I opened the door, Steph quickly got in as if she was followed.

"Hi" she said. "What's up?"

"Not much. Waiting for you. I'm really curious. And also a bit concerned. But I trust you. It's not dangerous or anything, right?"

"No, not a bit. Also, you can leave anytime if you really want to. Just, please be secret about it. Here, I brought you something.", Steph said. She had a duffle bag with her. When she opened it, I saw some regular clothes and two... masks? Yeah, two masks. Like Eyes White Shut style. I slowly started realizing what kind of party this might be.

"Are those Eyes Wide Shut masks? Are you serious?" I asked.

"We also only use aliases. Choose one for yourself. Mine's Narcissia." she said.

"You know, it starts to sound more and more like a sex party. Like... is it?" I said.

"Would you mind if it was? Let me put it that way. Sex is optional." she said.

"Oh, okay then. At least that. Uhm... so, alias. Some greek mythology stuff maybe? How about... Minerva?" I said.

"That's latin" Steph said. Of course she knows this.

"Still sounds nice. And a bit mischievous. Okay, Minerva it is. So, we're only speaking to each other with the names? And also wear this mask all the time?"

"Exactly. It's so that you can be free to do whatever you want. To see stuff if you want to, to do stuff, and to not worry about what others might think."

"Okay. That doesn't sound too bad. But what about the dirtbag thing? And about, I cite, expendable clothes?" I ask. I looked down on myself. I chose to wear plain grey leggings and a loose-fitting yellow t-shirt. Underneath, I wore an old black bra and old black panties. Just in case. Steph looked up and down.

"You'll see, you'll see. For now, this outfit is perfect. Another thing: I have some room in my bag. You should pack a change of clothes." she said. I stopped asking why, I just did. So I fetched a complete set of clothes, including shoes and socks, and put it in Steph's bag.

"Okay, done. Your clothes look almost new, what's up with that?" I asked.

"Those are special clothes. I bought them just for this. And I know that they are washable." she said. I left my mouth open for a moment, but I accepted that she will not tell me any more at the moment.

At exactly 9:50pm, we left my apartment and made our way towards campus. Steph guided me towards one of the dorm buildings, the one next to her own. We shared a cigarette before we got in. We didn't talk, because the only thing I was thinking about was waiting in this building, and Steph made it very clear to me that she didn't want me to talk about it in the open.

When we got in, we made our way towards the basement. Because of course we did. What kind of secret fetish party would be hosted somewhere else than the basement? It all sounded a bit cliché to me. Finally, after what seemed like eight different turns and corridors, we reached a metal door. Steph put on her mask and gestured to me to do the same. When I did, she knocked on the door. Immediately, the door opened. I expected a big, bulky security dude, but yeah, no men allowed. Before us stood a rather petite woman with a similar mask like ours. She lit up when she saw Steph.

"Oh hi Narcissia! Glad you're here! And you brought a friend" she said. Quite anticlimactic.

"I did. Her name is Minerva. She does not know everything yet. But I vouch for her to keep it secret. I trust her", Steph said. I was feeling honored.

"Well then, come on in. My name's Cassandra", the woman said.

"Hi Cassandra. Glad to be here. I can't wait to see what S... sorry, what Narcissia was talking about." I said.

So we got in. Beneath the metal door, there was... a small room. Just a table and chair for Cassandra, and another big metal door at the other end of the room. Nothing to see here, yet.

Steph gestured me to come along with her. She put her duffle bag on a shelf at the spot that read "Narcissia". Then, she took my hand. I wasn't appalled, we often held hands when she wanted to show me something. This time, her hands were a bit more sweaty than usual. She pulled me towards the door. In front of it, we stopped.

"You ready?" she said. Now I was excited, not only curious. I simply answered "yeah". When Steph opened the door, I could immediately see that the room behind it was a bit more dim. Not completely dim, but a bit more... comfy, I guess? Anyway. We went inside and, with a gesture towards Cassandra, Steph closed the door behind her.

"Now, just to be sure. If anything is not okay, just tell me. If you want to, we can leave at any second. Just... allow yourself to experience something new" she said.

"I trust you. Now, what do we do?" I said.

"That's the fun part: I don't know. Let's look around" she said. She took my hand again and we walked towards what looked like the bar. A woman sat there.

"Hey Electra!" Steph said. The woman turned around and got up. She and Steph shared basically the same dialogue like with Cassandra at the door. I was silent and listened. When I looked at the woman, I noticed... a wet spot on her pants? Did she spill her drink? I found myself looking, almost staring at the spot. I thought about how a spilled drink could have possibly created such streaks down her legs. While staring, I was glad I wore a mask. Suddenly, the wet spot grew. This can't be real. Was she... peeing her pants right in front of us? Steph noticed my staring.

"Oh, I see my friend Minerva noticed your... action." she said. Electra laughed. "She looks like she saw a ghost. Are you okay?"

"I... I'm fine. Are you... I mean..." I stuttered.

"Yeah. It's great. What about you?" she said. Steph intervened.

"Give her time. Let her look at stuff first. We all started somewhere." she said. Thanks Steph. She gestured towards two empty bar stools. I nodded. Electra sat back down on her bar stool. I saw some drips coming from it. I didn't know what to make of this. Steph started talking to me.

"So, that must have surprised you. Are you okay?", she said. She ordered two beers for us.

"Yeah, everything's fine. That was a surprise. So, is that what this club is about?" I said. The beers arrived. Steph clunked her glass with mine.

"That's just the beginning."

*004*2023-08-16 23:36

Thanks for the reactions 🙂 I'm really having fun writing at the moment, so I hope I'll have enough time. Here's another chapter. It's the time between 10pm and 11pm.

Chapter 2: 10pm

After that experience, I was suddenly very self-conscious about my outfit choice. I found myself imagining my own pants decorated with that unexpected wet spot. I chuckled, that was something I never imagined before. Or even thought about. Well done, Steph, you already widened my experience.

"Hm?" Steph said. That kind of hm you ask when someone chuckles unexpectedly and you want to know what's funny.

"Oh, it's just... I kind of thought about that woman's... about Electra's wet spot. And about how a wet spot would look on my own pants. Now that I'm speaking it out loud it sounds so weird" I said. I was really able to open up, probably due to the mask. And due to the beer.

"I'm so glad you're here. Because, you know... now you maybe understand how I reacted when you said you gotta pee. Because..." - I interrupted her.

"Because you just straight-up imagined I'd pee my pants?" I said. I tried to make it sound less like an accusation.

"Uhm... no... well, maybe yes. I'm sorry" Steph said. Even in the rather dim light, I could see Steph blush.

"No, it's fine. I guess. So... I'm sorry to be so direct. Like, do you... are you interested in me?" I said. I often thought about how I am probably not a lesbian, but I am definitely not completely straight either. And Steph's quite attractive. For a woman, she had rather broad shoulders, bit of a tan, black, curly hair. Sportive. I won't spoil too much about her appearance though, you'll find out soon.

"Uhm... Well, I'm... I'm actually not sure. To be completely honest, I always thought of you as a friend. It's just... you know, those two situations. I found out I liked some stuff I didn't like before. Or maybe... didn't know it. Does that make sense?" she said. She was finally opening up.

"So... the pee thing makes sense now. I always heard that many people kind of liked that. But it was never... I mean I never knew anyone personally. But that spaghetti situation. What's up with that?" I said.

"Oh yeah, about that. Uhm, I think it would be best to wait for later. Take it slowly." Steph sounded mysterious again. But okay. The gleam in her eyes made me curious again, but I took her advice.

We drank for a while, talked about this and that. I almost forgot where we were, it felt like a regular bar. I was reminded of where I was when Electra got up and told us that she'll pay a visit to Constanza in, I quote, the Chamber of Liquids. I had to contain myself. Those damned Potter girls are everywhere. When she left, I got another look at her lower body. Her pants were completely soaked by know, almost a uniform color. It was clearly visible on her khakis. I could even make out a faint outline of her dark, probably black panties underneath. I found myself liking what I saw. Not because it made any sense, but what kind of sexual deviance made sense anyway? Suddenly, I was getting self-conscious of my own bladder. I looked at Steph, almost a bit excited.

"You know what? I'm starting to notice my bladder. What do you make of that?" I said, teasing her. It worked.

"You've got my attention. And I love that you tell me. Go on, please." she said.

"No, you first." I said.

"Uhm. Okay. I wasn't sure if you wanted to know. I'm actually noticing mine since we got here. I made sure to drink something before I left. So... I'm at around 8/10" she said.

"8/10? Like, what's 10?" I said. I was confused about this arbitrary rating.

"Of... losing it? You know. 0 means you're empty. You know, just came back from the toilet. And then it goes up. Where are you?"

"I see. Uhm, maybe... a six? About the level I was in that lecture, if that helps." When I said it, I thought about how that could possibly help her. She didn't know how desperate I felt.

"Then there's some way to go" she said, implying we share the same kind of goal. With that, she ordered another round of drinks for us. Water this time, as Steph said she doesn't want to get me drunk. After a pause, she added "not yet". We continued with our conversation for a while. Out of the blue, Steph spoke up.

"Okay, now I'm at a 9." She made it sound as if there was some notification on her phone she got at the exact time. That's training, I guess.

"Okay? So... what are you going to do? I mean... Do you just wait or..." I said.

"Depends." she said. She chuckled. "I mean, in the literal way. Depends are not my thing, but I know some girls here who like to wear them." I needed a few moments to understand what she said. Before I could say something, she continued.

"Most of the time, I like to take the pressure off at just about this level. Just enough to get back down to an 8 or 7" she said. I was intrigued by this kind of bladder level discretization skill.

"And, by taking pressure off you mean..." I said. I knew what she meant, I was just curious to hear it from her.

"Yeah. Should I just..." she said, spreading her legs a bit, looking at me with a lowered head.

"Oh, uhm. Sure, go ahead" I said. I wasn't really thinking, I was too overwhelmed by what was about to happen. I looked at her lap. Her red pants were almost the same color as the bar stool, only that her pants were cotton instead of leather. She spread her legs completely now, probably to provide a better view for herself, and maybe also for me. I felt like looking at a mousehole and waiting for the mouse to appear. Only that the mouse was pee. After a few seconds, Steph sighed. I held my breath. I couldn't see anything. Then, the faintest spot appeared directly on her crotch. A tiny spot of dark red. I hoped that the mouse would come out completely now. The spot grew a bit, to about the size of a golf ball. Then it stopped.

"Done", Steph said. She looked at me, expecting some kind of reaction. I was at a loss for a moment.

"Wow" was all I managed to say.

"Now I'm back at 7. Let's fill up again." she said. "Don't worry, it'll be faster now the seal is broken."

"The... seal? But okay. Uhm, strange question, but... How is it just such a small spot when you got from 9 to 7? I mean... I don't know what a 7 or a 9 is to you, but..."

"Oh, yeah, good question. You see, well, you don't see, I am wearing three pairs of panties at the moment" she said. She tugged on the waisband of her pants. Underneath, I saw two distinctly colored waistbands, a red one and a grey one. "And it takes some time to get through all layers." She made it seem like the most logical thing in the world.

"Oh, right. But... why?" I asked. I couldn't help myself, even though I tried to ask less.

"Because it feels good. That's all there is to it." she said. That made sense. I tried to consciously think about my own bladder. It felt more full than before. I thought about Steph's scale. Maybe I'm an 8 now?

"I think I'm at an 8 now. Normally I would try to find a toilet now." I said.

"Normally?" Steph said, smiling at me. "You mean there could be another option?"

"Well, I guess. I mean... I'm really curious, but also just a tiny bit appalled. But not by choice, you know. Mostly curious. So... should I just..." I trailed off. It was clear what I had to do if I wanted to. It was just so... odd.

"Uhm, yeah, if you want to? Just... just try to relax, maybe push a bit" she said. She blushed again. Even more when I opened my legs just a bit to get a better look at myself. It would be clearly visible, I thought. Those leggings turn dark grey, almost black, when they get wet. I had experienced that on a particularly rainy day. Then I remembered the bag we gave into Cassandra's care at the door. I realized I was actually free to do whatever I wanted. Nobody, except for Steph, knew me, I had a change of clothes with me and I could leave anytime. I started grinning from this realization.

"Okay" I said. "Let me try." And I relaxed. And I actually felt something down below, just... inside. It felt like just before actually peeing, but then it didn't start. The beer really helped me to overcome this barrier. I tried to push a bit and then relaxed again, as Steph told me. I felt it slowly reach the exit. And then, I felt a tiny drip exit, instantly disappearing into my panties. That wasn't all that unknown to me, there were countless situations before when I got a bit damp down there for various reasons. Normally, this would be the moment I would try to find a way to change. But again, "normally".

"It worked!" I said to Steph, proud of my work. Her gaze was fixed on my crotch, but she briefly peeked up to me and grinned when I told her. I tried to continue. After a few seconds, I could feel another small spurt leave me. Again, it was completely soaked up by my panties. I looked down at myself, I still couldn't see anything from the outside. I wasn't expecting my panties to be able to contain that much liquid without leaking through. They weren't period panties or anything, and I wasn't wearing a pad. I continued. I couldn't produce more than a few drops or tiny spurt at a time, but it accumulated. Finally, I saw a tiny spot of dark grey.

"There it is!" I said, pointing at my crotch. I didn't have to point, Steph probably saw it before I did. She grinned and took a sip of her glass.

"Congrats!" she said.

"I'm not done yet" I said. I didn't feel any less full than before, I at least wanted to get back down to the level when Steph first asked. So I continued. I already found it easier to relax and produce slightly longer spurts. I continued until it felt "right", until my pressure was about the same as before. Now I started realizing how this 0 to 10 scale was actually pretty great if you concentrate on how it feels. I looked down. My crotch now had a spot about the size of a baseball. Bigger than Stephs. I was fascinated by this image, even though I tried to imagine it in my mind before. I composed myself. When I moved around, I felt just how soaked my panties were now. Only now I realized that I, in fact, just peed myself. But the strange thing was: I wasn't shocked or anything. It felt like trying a new sport, a new cocktail or something like that. You wonder how you haven't tried it before, but you're glad you did.

"Now you're just showing off" Steph said. I realized I was still sitting there with my legs spread and quickly closed them, as if I was caught doing something. I kind of was.

"No, please, suit yourself. How was it?" she said.

"It was... something new, that's for sure. I kind of liked it. And I still like how it feels and looks." I said. I wanted to check my panties, but I hesitated. "Is it... okay if I look inside my pants?"

"Oh, sure. You can do whatever you want as long as I can watch" she said, again fixed on my lap. I didn't mind her looking, after all I did the same. So I tugged my shirt up with my elbow and pulled on my leggings' waistline. I saw that my black panties had a darker, slightly shiny spot the same size as the one outside. As these panties were quite old, they were more of an anthracite color by now. At least when dry. Without thinking, I ran over the wet spot with my hand. It felt weird. But kind of good. Kind of sexy and dirty. Now the club's name started to make sense. When I looked up, I quickly pulled my hand out and let my leggings snap back. The feeling of wet fabric on my skin caught me off-guard and I inhaled sharply. Steph still grinned at me.

"I can see that you like it. If I may add, I liked it too. That looked really hot" she said.

"Thanks... I guess?" I answered. I wasn't sure on how to react to such a compliment. But I liked it. "So... what's next?"

"You really don't want to take it slowly, right? Let me think. It's almost 11pm, I think now is a good time to introduce you to the chamber of liquids. Are you ready?" she said.

"Stop asking if I'm ready. I don't know. But, I guess I am?" I said. Steph drank what was left in her glass and got up. I had another look on her backside. The spot was significantly bigger there, almost her entire lower butt was decorated by an oval, dark red wet patch. I thought about how I looked. When I followed her, I noticed a full size mirror on one of the walls, so I took my chance. I looked at my back side and yeah, it was bigger on my pants too. The dark color complimented my butt, I thought. What a strange thought, I thought. I remembered to try thinking less for the time being. We walked across the room and reached another red door. A hand drawn paper on it read "The Chamber".

The liquids part must have been an unofficial suffix. Then again, what does official even mean in this kind of place? Before Steph reached for the door's handle, I looked around the room again. Apart from the small bar we were, there were sofas, some tables, all in all pretty comfy. I just now realized that all furniture was made of leather and plastic. From our experience at the bar, that of course made sense. I spotted 8 other women there, some of them with wet pants, some with skirts so I wouldn't know. Some had dry pants. I appreciated how this was indeed a completely optional thing and everyone could do whatever she wants.

Steph pulled on the handle of the door. When she started opening the door, a faint odor came out of it. I couldn't tell what it is exactly. Was it... spaghetti? Was that the kitchen? But there was something else. Steph opened the door completely now and we went inside.

