A Service at Church

Author: PureWhiteRoses

*000*2016-07-22 00:38

Jace parked his car in front of the church and shut off the car. He unscrewed the cap of his water-bottle and drained the other half of the water. He tossed it on the floor on the passenger’s side, making a mental note to pick it up later. He got out of the vehicle and headed into the building.

He had forgotten to use the restroom before he had left the house, so he decided that he would use it before the first service was to start. He had about ten minutes, so there was no rush, but he would prefer to get the problem taken care of sooner rather than later.

Before he made it to the restrooms, though, someone stopped him. An adult friend of his, Courtney, tapped on his shoulder. He turned around to see her smiling at him. He didn’t take off his headphones and instead left the music blaring, but he could read her lips, so he knew exactly what she was saying.

“I’m really excited for the lesson today,” she said. From her expression, she seemed pretty cheerful.

His stomach was full of butterflies all over again because of her comment, fluttering and tickling and making him feel a little funny. He was looking forward to teaching the lesson that he had been practicing for several hours every day, taking the pastor’s place while she was on vacation. It made him happy just knowing that the pastor trusted him to be her replacement for the time she was out, even if it did make him a little nervous. He was honestly terrified of the idea that he might mess up.

Instead of showing that anxiety and worry, though, he just returned her smile and shook his head. “Oh, no, don’t get your hopes up too high. I don’t want to disappoint you.”

She laughed and pulled him into a hug. He felt her neck vibrate a little, so she must have forgotten that he couldn’t hear her.

“What was that?”

She let him go, and his eyes immediately went to her lips to read what she was saying. “I said, I don’t think you’ll disappoint anyone. It’s not every day that you’re able to get a church service told by a boy who’s only sixteen!”

Jace let out a small laugh and felt his cheeks get a bit warm. He shook his head and looked down for a few seconds, trying to stop blushing. He wasn’t successful at it, but it only took him a moment or two before he gave up. Praise always made him a bit shy and embarrassed, considering that—while it was something he was somewhat used to—he almost never felt that he really deserved it. “Ah, yeah, I suppose I’ve just got that kind of talent...”

Courtney chuckled again, looking amused by the boy’s reaction. She put a hand on his head, and he flinched away from the sound of her ring hitting the top of his headphones. He noticed how the praise was making him a little more nervous about the service he would be doing, which made the pressure in his bladder a little worse. He smiled at her almost apologetic, shifting his weight slightly at the discomfort. “Hey, ah, do you think you could let me run to the restroom real quick?”

“Oh, of course.” She gave a wave and continued on her way. “I can’t wait for your lesson!”

Once Courtney was gone, he was suddenly forcefully hugged from behind. He almost fell forward, taking a few steps forward before regaining his balance. He knew who it was before he even saw her. “Roxy!” he exclaimed, and she gave him a kiss on the cheek.

She let go and went to stand in front of him. “I’m here!”

He was pleased that she had come. He hadn’t been expecting her to do much other than congratulate him when he had gone to her with the news that he was going to be giving a lesson at his church, but it seemed she had actually come to see the service. He knew she had had bad bad experiences with church, and he also knew how she thought it was a bunch of nonsense. It was a pleasant surprise that she had shown up.

“I’m happy to see you,” he said.

“Bet you weren’t expecting me to actually show up.”

“I wasn’t.” He pulled her into a hug for a few seconds before letting her go. “It’s a really nice surprise.”

“How could I miss your first service? I might not be into this stuff, but it seems super important to you. I just had to show up!”

Jace shifted his weight a little, trying to ignore the pressure that was gradually growing in his bladder. He really needed to use the restroom before he was supposed to be up onstage teaching a lesson to all the people who had come to the church. But Roxy wouldn’t stop talking, going on about things that Jace had almost completely stopped paying attention to. He was more focused on when he would be able to relieve himself.

“Jace, someone’s trying to get your attention,” Roxy informed him, pointing over to someone behind him.

He turned around to see one of the pastor’s helpers waving to him. “What is it?”

“Are you ready? It’s time to get started,” he said.

Oh, that wasn’t good. Catching himself before he swore, he smiled and turned his MP3 player off, putting his headphones around his neck. He shifted his weight to one foot so that it was more discreet when he pressed his thighs together. “Of course. I’m very excited.”

He didn’t realize he would be quite as nervous as he was when he got on the stage. Most of the seats in the auditorium were full—so many people had come to watch him teach, and now that he was actually in front of the crowd, he was very close to panicking. He squirmed as his bladder protested the situation, but he still put on the best smile he could manage.

“Welcome to Hillsboro Christian Church,” he said. His voice shook a little from the anxiety, but he managed to keep it mostly level. “I’m happy to see you all here today. I’m the substitute for the actual pastor, who is on vacation in Maine visiting family.” He shifted, feeling his bladder threatening to leak. With all the butterflies in his stomach, it was getting harder and harder to keep from wetting himself. His hands remained at his sides, grabbing at his baggy pants as his whole body tensed.

“Ah, well, I suppose we should start off with prayer,” he continued. He clasped his hands together and closed his eyes, saying a prayer. His voice was unsteady and he couldn’t stop shifting around. When he was finished praying, he continued talking: “I’m very nervous about this entire arrangement, so some things might seem off—”

He cut himself short when he felt a spurt of urine escape him. He pressed his thighs together, but the situation was obvious. Even though he’d stopped, there was still a wet patch around his crotch. He grit his teeth, trying not to let any more escape.

Roxy, who was sitting in the front row, climbed up onstage and took the microphone. “You make fun of my babe for this, and I’ll kick your ass.” She hooked her arm around one of Jace’s and started gently pulling him to the side of the stage to get off.

His bladder couldn’t handle it and he lost all the control he had. He grabbed himself, which did nothing other than cause the sleeve of his hoodie to get wet. The only thing that was keeping him up was Roxy, and he still thought he might collapse.

His girlfriend flipped off the crowd of people in the auditorium before turning her attention back to Jace. “Here, just follow me and we can clean you up. You should have said something earlier about it!”

“Y-yeah...”

“Now come on, let’s get you taken care of.”

