A Car Ride Home

Author: Pain

*000*2021-05-11 22:40

I waved happily looking at my mother as she walked quickly towards me pulling the large maroon colored trolley bag behind her. It had been a whole week without her at home as she had been off to Haridwar to stay at my uncle’s (her brother’s) place because of some family dispute going on between him and his wife. Now that the things were a bit under control, she was back home and finally I could have my favorite aloo ka parantha (Indian flat bread with spicy mashed potato stuffing) that was my mom’s signature dish.

As she neared, I could tell the unease on her face. It had been a 26-hour journey for her on that bus and I was certain that she was tired to the bone, but still she had somehow managed to look beautiful like she always did. Wearing a black silk sari with her hair left open, her heels were making her walk all the more gracious, but there was something that seemed different. I could sense that something was bothering her.

With a wide smile I ran to touch her feet (Indian custom to show respect to the elders) she blessed me by touching my head. Her loving touch on my hair sent positivity and happiness coursing through my body. I was so glad she was back home. I opened the door to the backseat of the car and she climbed in before I quickly loaded her large bag into the trunk. I got in behind the wheel and closed the door before we started our journey home. It was an hour and a half on the road and I hoped to make this the best of time with mummy after a week of her being absent from home, but as I looked at her through the rear view mirror inside the car, I could see the tension on her face.

“Mummy, are you alright?” I asked, she had not spoken a word since I had picked her up from the bus stand and I was now worried that something was seriously wrong back at my uncle’s place which was really bothering her.

“Y-Yes” she said, I noticed her lower lip trembling through the rearview mirror as she kept looking out of the window. I knew for certain now that something was not right. My mother who would leave no chance to shower me with love and appreciation was suddenly acting all aloof and worried.

I decided to drive silently for a while but kept taking timely glances at her through the mirror to make sure she was alright. Twenty minutes passed without any words being exchanged between us when suddenly I heard a groan from her. I looked again into the mirror and saw her sitting in a tilted posture to her right, with her hand on the seat to support her weight while her left hand holding her lower belly. Did she need the toilet?

“Mom are you alright?” I asked again.

“Yes-yes! Don’t worry, dear” she reassured me. Though it was becoming harder and harder for me to believe that she was in fact, alright.

I noticed after a while that she was now sitting with her legs crossed, rubbing her thigh up and down, a classic sign of needing the toilet.

“How is everything at college?” she asked suddenly, maybe to take her mind off from her need.

“Everything is fine mom,” I answered.

“..and tuitions? Did you skip any when I was not at home?” she asked.

“No mom,” I answered, “I want everyday.”

“Good.”

“How was your time on the bus?” I asked, “I hope you were comfortable…?”

“Yes-yes!” she answered with exaggerated chirpiness, “Just had too much to drink…”

There it was! My reserved and stiff mother had finally accepted that she had too much to drink on the bus. And we both knew the effect it invariably had on one’s bladder.

I tried to downplay it by looking back on the road and acting as if I did not care what was happening on the back seat of the car but there was nothing else that I could think of.

We drove on for another forty minutes without any happenstance other than my mother complaining after each bump that the car went through, but as soon as we entered the city traffic started to increase. My mother kept quiet during the entire drive but as we neared the middle of the city a huge backlog of cars and buses awaited us on the traffic signal.

“Oh, my God we are going to stop!” I heard my mother cry out from the backseat as she looked on at the barrage of vehicles waiting for the traffic jam to clear, “Oh, no!”

My heart was starting to race, my mother was really desperate for the toilets and she was stuck in the backseat of the car with nowhere to go! It felt like a dream come true! But then my heart sank when I heard the next words come out of her mouth.

“Oh, thank God!” I heard her say as I turned to see her looking out of the window at the temple intently. I seemed to have completely missed where we were. This was the temple we came to pray every Thursday and I knew they had toilets.

God had literally come down to save my mother. Dejection and disappointment caught on to me because I knew she was going to use them. “Stay here, I’ll be right back” she opened the door even before I could say anything and banged it shut before walking off quickly towards the temple, taking hurried baby steps. It was so funny watching her walk like that because it told volumes of how badly she needed to urinate and how she had left it unattended till it reached this point. The fact that she had decided to use the toilets at the temple premises rather than wait for the thirty minute journey home told enough of how desperate she was.

I sat for the next ten minutes in the traffic wondering where my mother was, while imagining the explosive relief coursing through her body when she might have pissed into a toilet. But as the traffic cleared and I continued to wait, I saw her walking back with the same panic and anxiety still written on her face. It was abundantly clear to me that she did not get to use the toilet.

“What happened?” I asked as she got back and climbed inside before closing the door.

“Aahh nothing, j-just their toilets are closed for cleaning…” she said bending forward as I suppose the pain become stronger in her bladder.

Those words and her actions took me to the seventh heaven, my exceedingly cultured, civilized and sophisticated mother had for the very first time admitted to me that she had gone to use the toilets which unfortunately were locked.

“What do you want to do?” I asked her.

“I don’t know, just drive me home” she ordered, “Hurry, please, hurry.”

I floored the accelerator when I heard that. All what mattered to me know was getting her home as soon as possible.

All the way home, my mother kept shifting her legs. Every red traffic light left her shaking with panic, and I could see the sweat on her brow and upper lip now. She absolutely would not be able to take much more. She was frantic, and I knew that she must have reached her limit.

We were in the last leg of our journey and I drove pretending like I did not know how desperate she was, but I was concerned. I wanted her to tell me if she wanted me to pull over, but nothing. I steeled myself and drove, hoping it was just in my head, but it was eating me from within. I wanted to know if she was alright, “Mummy, did you bring me the mango achaar (pickle) aunty made?” I loved my aunt’s raw mango achaar and had literally pleaded with my mother to bring a little with her when she came back.

She did not respond. She just kept looking out of the window with her face drowned in tension.

“Mummy?” I asked again, to which her train of thoughts suddenly broke.

“Y-Yes?” she asked startled.

“Did you bring me the mango achaar?”

“Y-yes..” she answered.

“Did you taste it before?” I asked again, “Was it good?”

She seemed unable to understand what I was asking, “I am fine..I-I..” she answered.

I was suddenly alarmed, “Mom, are you alright? Do you need anything?”

“Rajesh will go.. Rajesh… will …” Rajesh was her brother’s name. I was beginning to panic. I now knew certainly that my mother was very confused, she was facing trouble speaking, or understanding and was facing difficulty forming words. I knew it was an emergency.

I looked at her again through the mirror and saw her face was slightly dropping on one side. I could not believe how badly she needed to use the toilet but I knew that if this was a fight to save her dignity and pride, my mother was going to fight it to her last breath.

She was struggling to bottle up her piss like it was a matter of her life and death and was driving as fast as I could.

In the mirror, I could see the sheer horror and confusion on her face as I took the right turn to get on the road to our house. She did not know what was happening and was left shivering. I carefully pulled up to our house and my mother was suddenly active, “Oh, thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!” she breathed, I could not mistake the gratefulness and agony in her voice. I could not believe how desperate she was.

As the car came to a halt in front of our home, she pulled the lever on the door to open it but when it did not budge she began to panic, “Oh, the door is locked! Locked!”

Struck with confusion and alarm I scrambled to unlock the door, but truth be told even I was drowned in panic and horror. I did not want to be the reason my mother could not make it to the toilet in time. I quickly undid the master lock on my door to release locks on all doors. As soon as she heard the click, she opened the door and almost jumped out. I followed her closely not wanting to miss any action. I quickly unlocked the front door and let her into the house.

I saw her hobbling to the toilet as fast as she could, she had to piss so badly that she could not even stand straight let alone walk, she opened the toilet door and rushed inside banging the door behind her with a loud thud without even bothering to lock it. It was finally over. My mother had finally received the dire salvation that she had needed for so long. I was proud that I had saved her just in the nick of time from great humiliation and had proved myself to be my mother’s good boy and her obedient son. But I was not happy. I really wanted to delay her visit to the toilet as long as I could, but it was too late for that now.

After a mere 3 to 4 seconds that she had vanished into the toilet, I heard the sound of a massive waterfall hitting the porcelain of the Indian Style commode of our toilet. I could not believe the sound that was coming from the toilet, it was like a bath tap turned full on, blasting the porcelain with the pressure of a literal fire hose. I could not imagine how she had managed to survive the entire ride inside the car from the bus stop till home with that amount of urgency.

The sound of her loud urination spoke to me more than my mother spoke in the car. It spoke to me of her absolute rage of having to hold her piss for so long, her mammoth frustration of not being able to do anything about it till now, her total helplessness in controlling the pressure, her sheer agony of not urinating for so long and lastly her monumental relief. The sound of her stream spoke so much to anyone who could get a chance to listen to it and cared enough to understand. I felt as if I had never understood my mother better. What she could not tell me in words, her massive stream told me in its noise. That was the day when I realized that it was only her exterior self that was so loving, caring, warm and nurturing towards everyone, but inside the privacy of the toilet she could produce a very violent piss.

All my years growing up, I had never seen my mother getting angry or agitated at anyone or anything, she always was so understanding and comforting to each and all that no matter what anyone said or did to her she never retaliated in annoyance, she had this habit of suppressing her anger as long as she could. I knew she did that because my mother was the one holding everything together, our family, our lives, our happiness. But as I got older I realized that even she needed to let out that anger that had been festering inside her for so long.

And today as I listened to her urinate so loudly inside the toilet, I knew certainly that this was her anger. The anger she had held back for so many years. The frustration of being the perfect mother, the perfect wife, the perfect daughter-in-law, the unwilling sacrifices she had been making, everything was pouring out. I knew as I heard her give a long heartfelt sigh of relief from inside.

When she finally came out of the toilet, my mother had become a completely different person. Though she was greatly humiliated by what had transpired she seemed to be much more relaxed now that her bladder was deflated. I was in absolute shock that it had taken her almost 12 minutes to empty it out.

What was she thinking? Why didn’t she tell me she had to use the toilet so badly when we met at the bus stand. No woman in her right mind would have stepped inside the car needing to urinate as much as she did, but it was a huge gamble that she took and somehow it paid off. It was sheer luck and nothing else.

I was still in literal shock, shivering from its aftermath. I could not even imagine how long she must have been corking it up to need the toilet this much!

Strangely she made me vegetable cutlets that evening for snacks and vegetable pulav for dinner. She never made that until and unless it was a special occasion or she wanted to thank me for some big help. I wondered if she was thanking me for saving her today from the colossal humiliation that awaited her had she not reached the toilet on time.

That night when I was about to go to sleep my mother came into my room, she seemed a bit nervous a first before she mustered up the courage, “Please don’t tell anyone about what happened today and I hope you forget everything too” she said, in a straight cold voice that spoke of her anxiousness. She kept looking towards the window in embarrassment as she stood next to my bed with her arms crossed around her chest.

“It was the biggest mistake of my life and I never want to think about it ever again, please” she continued. She feared that if I even slightly mentioned this to papa or my sister, she would never be able to live it down.

“No, of course not mummy,” I said, “I will never tell this to anyone.” So I zipped my mouth and decided never to tell anyone that my mother had set a world record for the longest toilet trip that day.

After that incident, all the other times I went to pick her up at the bus stand I never found her as desperate as she was that day. Maybe she had learned the lesson, albeit the hard way.

*002*2021-05-12 13:43

{{10 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was a fantasmic story I really enjoyed reading it

}}

Thank you so much buddy! That means a lot to me!

*004*2021-06-04 11:18

$$

*005*2021-06-04 18:16

$$


