Ginny Weasley wetting

Author: Pee jeans

*000*2020-11-06 06:57

This is the first story I write; hope you enjoy

Ginny Weasley was looking forward the end of the Care of Magical Creatures lesson. She had been desperate to pee for the whole lesson: that morning she had peed just after waking up, but then she had had 2 hours of Herbology and 2 hours of Care of Magical Creatures: there were no toilets in the park and she hadn't enough time to get back to the castle between the two lessons.

"And the fact that I drank two big glasses of juice for breakfast doesn't help", she was sayng to Luna Lovegood, who was working in group with her.

"Stop thinking about it" replied Luna. "It just make you feel it even worse".

"Yeah, but how am I supposed to stop thinking about it, if I am about to pee myself?".

Ginny was surprised by her own words... was she really going to pee herself? The lesson was almost over, after all, and she could run to the castle right after it; there was a toilet at the first floor, she could reach it in a few minutes. But there was always a long line in that bathroom.. she had learnt it the hard way a couple of years ago and she didn't want to repeat that experience.. maybe it was better to come back to the Gryffindor Common Room.. it was further but safer. Yes, it was the best choice, she stated in her mind. Even if.. there was a third possibility, obviously.. the park offered a lot of places where to hide and pee, even for a girl.

It was risky, but she knew that a lot of other girls had peed in the park before. Hermione had told her that she had peed more than once in the park, she squatted and let her pee flow through her panties.. she said it was quite exciting, especially with Harry and Ron around her.. But Ginny often wore some Muggle clothes under her official uniform. A t-shirt and a pair of leggings or shorts. She had grown up with 6 male brothers and she was so used to male clothes that she didn't feel comfortable with just a skirt. She was so deep in her thoughts that she didn't notice two things: first that the lesson was finally over, and second that Harry himself was standing next to her with their two broomstick under his arms.

"Hey Ginny! I knew you have a free afternoon.. what about some Quidditch training, just you and me? I also have something to eat".

Ginny hesitated. She was really bursting by now, and she just wanted to use the bathroom. On the other hand she could have used the toilets in the Quidditch training changing rooms...she wasn't sure to be able to hold it through the walk to the training camps, but it was maybe her best occasion.

"Ok, perfect, let's go!", she said. Trying not to show her desperation she followed Harry; it was a 10 minutes walk, and she eventually made it without leaking. She began to think that maybe she could manage not to pee herself this time, when she saw that Harry was heading directly to the camp and not to the changing rooms. She noticed now that he had already some training clothes on; and he knew that she always had Muggle clothes under her uniform, so there was no reason to open the changing room. Nevertheless, Ginny decided to try:

"Could you please open the changing room, so that I can change myself?" she asked?

Harry looked at her, surprised. "You're always wearing suitable clothes under your uniform and you've always taken off the uniform here.. I didn't take the keys of the changing room."

Ginny was in panic; her only hope had just disappeared and she didn't know what to do: the castle was far away now. She felt that she couldn't hold in her pee any longer. She eventually put aside her shyness and: "It's just that I've to pee. I really really have to pee. I'm holding it since before breakfast and now I'm desperate and I think it will start coming out in a few moments".

As in response to her words, a first spurt of pee wet her panties. She put a hand between her legs to stop the stream of pee. "It actually started coming out right now", she added. Harry looked at her in disbelief: "Are you really peeing in your panties right now, in front of me?!?". Ginny was now jumping on the spot, with her hands in her crotch and her legs tightly twisted. "It's not my fault, my bladder is too full and my pee is slowly coming out.. I can't control it anymore.. I'm going to pee in my shorts".

And it happened just that: it was nonsense to deny it, thought Ginny: pee was already trickling down her legs, her hands, trying to stop the flow were all wet. She managed to regain control over her bladder again. For a moment. Then she definitely lost it: a powerful stream of pee freed itself, loudly hissing and wetting her shorts, her legs and forming a huge puddle at the ground. She opened her legs and put away her hands from her crotch: there was nothing she could do now. She went on peeing for an incredibly long time, she thought, a little embarrassed, keeping the eyes on the little river gushing out from between her legs. Then gradually the strength of the flow slowed down, and she stopped it.

She looked at Harry, smiling shyly. "I'm sorry.. I really couldn't hold it anymore. I don't know how that happened, I've never been so desperate before". Harry was very polite; "There's nothing to apologize for", he said, "These things happen". They decided to cancel the training and Ginny came back to the castle, to wash and clean herself. It was so strange to walk with a pair of wet panties and shorts on.. strange but not that bad, she admitted. She hurried towards the castle: she knew very well that, when she held her per for such a long time and was so desperate, she usually needed to per at least twice in a very short time; she absolutely wanted to reach the toilet in time.

Luckily, her dormitory was empty, so she could change herself without needing to hide; her shorts and panties were completely soaked, so she hurried to wash them to get rid of the smell, before somebody could find them. Her need to pee had incredibly increased again, probably sharpened by the cold (she was naked and with bare foot on the chilly stone floor) and by the water. When she finished, she was desperate again, bursting to pee, crossing and uncrossing her legs, hopping on the spot and trying to resist the urge to hold her crotch with her wet hands: the cold water on her naked skin could have dramatic consequences. Finally she closed the water, threw her clothes in the drying rack and ran into the shower; she was used to pee while having a shower and it was instinctively for her. Immediately her pee gushed out, before she even managed to open the water, but she smiled; she was safe this time.

*003*2020-11-09 22:59

{{On 11/7/2020 at 7:50 AM, mikey mike said:

Great start to the story, are you going to write more about Ginny and what happens in the future?

}}

{{On 11/7/2020 at 11:27 PM, Batman007 said:

This was a joy to read! Please tell me your going to continue this?

}}

Thank you!

Yes, I want to go on with the story; I've got some ideas, I just need some free time to write

