Omovember 2021: Day 30 (Final)

Author: PPP

*000*2021-12-20 04:35

$$

Here it is; almost three weeks late but here it is. My apologies, I had some things going on in real life. Anyway, this one probably has my most obscure choice ever: Rawhide from the web animation Long Gone Gulch. Don't ask me why, I just thought she'd make for a good subject.

###

Day 30: Your choice (In the desert) Rawhide (Long Gone Gulch)

###

The scorpion skittered across the parched earth, baking under the morning sun. A rock’s shadow offered only a brief respite; the heat felt like it was held in the air itself. Pausing, the scorpion looked around for its next meal. It spotted a fat beetle lying in the sand, seemingly dead, and rushed forward to claim the prize. However, when the scorpion was mere inches from the beetle, it paused. Its rudimentary senses were screaming that something wasn’t right. Then there was a low rumbling sound from beneath the earth. The scorpion jumped aside just in time as a massive pair of reptilian jaws rose from the dirt and snapped shut over the beetle. Looking back as it fled, the scorpion realized what had happened: what it thought was a beetle was actually the monster’s tongue, acting as a lure. This bizarre creature was just one of the many oddities in the desert surrounding the town of Gulch. Heavy footsteps approached and the scorpion scurried away.

Rawhide, co-sherriff of Gulch, dashed through the desert like a horse possessed by demons. (Which she had seen more than once. Long story.) She was a woman on a mission, a job so important that she had left her partner Snag sleeping back at the camp. Rawhide frantically scanned the area, one of her eyes hidden under bright red hair.

“C’mon, c’mon!” she muttered to herself. “It’s gotta be around here somewhere!”

Rawhide spotted a boulder and looked behind it.“Nope,” she grumbled. “Not it.” She continued her mad dash, stopping at every large rock she saw, but with no success. “Uh-uh. No. Still no,” she noted. “Also no. Nope. Ah, here we- no, wait, that’s a tortoise.”

Rawhide’s desperate search continued for several minutes, but to no avail. Eventually, she sank to her knees in despair.

“Where is it, dangit?” the sheriff cried out. A lone tumbleweed rolled by in response. It growled at Rawhide, showing off a mouth of thorny teeth.

“Same to you, partner,” Rawhide grumbled. She watched the tumbleweed as it passed by a dead tree leaning against a huge rock. “Funny,” she said to herself, “that looks a bit like- wait!”

With a renewed vigor, Rawhide leapt to her feet and dashed behind the boulder. Yes, this was it! Several smaller rocks stood in a circle, forming a makeshift shelter. A wooden sign adorned with messy handwriting confirmed it: RAWHIDE’S PEEING PLACE.

Out in the desert there were many hazards, ranging from monsters to quicksand to dust devils (both the tornado kind and the literal kind). You couldn’t afford to be left vulnerable, and Rawhide had discovered early in her career that one of the most dangerous activities in the wilderness was one of the simplest: relieving herself. She had been literally caught with her pants down more times than she cared to admit. So when Rawhide had discovered this safe haven a few months ago, she had been quick to mark the location for future use. And right now, she desperately needed to use it.

Trembling from her need to pee, Rawhide stepped inside the circle of stones and lowered herself into a squat. She lifted up her dress, lowered her bloomers and relaxed her bladder. Urine rushed out of her with a loud hiss, spraying the ground with golden rain. A nearby scorpion ran for cover as the deluge continued, the liquid quickly being absorbed by the sand.

“Phew, that’s better,” Rawhide sighed. “Almost thought I wouldn’t make it.”

Rawhide’s bladder continued to drain for a long time, but eventually it ran dry. In lieu of toilet paper, Rawhide shook herself dry before putting her clothes back in place.

“Boy, I needed that,” she said to herself. “‘Til next time, Peeing Place.”

With that, she headed back to camp with a spring in her step. The scorpion, meanwhile, stayed hidden under a rock, unsure of exactly how it had almost gotten drenched.

###

And that's that. Another Omovember done. Wishing you all the best for the holidays and new year.

