Leah's countryside adventure

Author: pwpj

*000*2014-06-20 23:54

Leah's countryside adventure

This is a prelude to “Leah's desperate afternoon” which I posted last week. It tells the story of the first time Leah had to wee outside, and how that ended up happening.

The original story was based on a real event that a friend had told me. This, too, is based on something a girl once told me had happened, although again details are changed and characters altered.

I hope that some people enjoy it!

Leah was an attractive 18-year old, who had just finished sixth form and completed her 'A' levels. She was enjoying a long summer of freedom having been confined to many hours studying over the past few months. In fact, her summer would probably be longer than most of her friends – she'd taken a gap year. Her plan was to travel around until Christmas, then save up money by working before she headed off to uni a year later. She had always been a level headed girl, and realised that now was the time to enjoy a year out, before she got into studying and careers and work.

As well as looks, she clearly had beauty. With a slim build, 32B but with curvy hips and bottom, she was an attractive young lady. She had brown eyes, curly brown hair, halfway down her back, and freckles. Many guys found her pretty, but she was often quite shy around them. She'd had a half-serious boyfriend, Jack, but broken up a few months before.

Having been brought up in a decidedly middle-class household, as an only child, Leah sometimes felt her parents to be somewhat overprotective. Her father, an insurance manager, was particularly concerned that she shouldn't be getting drunk and getting up to trouble. Nevertheless, they were starting to relax and let her find her own way. And as a sensible young lady she was careful to enjoy a drink, but not overdo it. Her parents were proud of her outlook on life and attitude.

And so it was that Leah found herself en route to a small village where her friend Lauren lived. It was her birthday and the day turned out to be lovely, with beautiful sun. Leah caught the train to the village with Emily, her closest friend, and they met up with Lauren in the village. Since the weather was so good, they were going to walk out into the countryside, up to the top of a hill, and have a picnic and drinks. The girls had brought some alcohol with them, and picked up some food from the supermarket on the village street. Lauren, who had use of her parents car, drove them up to the edge of the village and halfway up the hill. Here the road curved away to one side, and there was a small car park and a visitor centre for the nature reserve.

Lauren dropped Emily and Leah off and went to pick up some more people. The girls consulted the map and realised there was about a mile and a half to walk from there. Leah felt a need for a wee and went inside the visitor centre. An assistant pointed to the toilets, which she went into. She wasn't a great fan of public toilets, but needs must, and she wasn't sure when she'd next get the opportunity for a wee. She entered the ladies toilets, which comprised two cubicles, and sat down in one of them. It was cold, and spartan, but at least it didn't smell badly. Leah pulled up her black, polka-dot dress and lowered her black tights and white lacey knickers to her knees, and then sat on the toilet. She relaxed and a steady stream flowed into the toilet. As she finished, she pushed to try and totally empty her bladder. Convinced she had emptied herself as best she could, she wiped, pulled up her knickers and tights and let her dress down.

She went back outside met up with Emily, who didn't need to go. By this time Lauren had come back with some more friends, so about a dozen of them set off to walk up the hill. It was an extremely hot day and both Leah and Emily girls were drinking from water bottles they'd filled from the fountain in the car park. They were glad for the shade when the path reached the woods. They continued the uphill trek for another twenty minutes or so, when the woods panned out to the top.

They reached the summit, from where there was a fantastic view of the surrounding countryside. For a city girl, Leah was astounded at the quietness and beauty of the area. Everyone started to eat the food that had been brought along, and Leah and Emily sat down with a bottle each. Another group joined them after a little while, and some of the guys had brought along a temporary barbecue, so everyone was soon eating burgers and washing them down with more alcohol. There were three cheers for Lauren, who's birthday it was, and who was having her first legal drink!

Leah bumped into Jack, who had turned up in the second group. They hadn't seen each other for a while, what with exams and the end of school. Leah had mixed feelings about him. They had agreed that their relationship had to end, because they would be going their seperate ways in September. But there was still a big attraction between them, and the opportunity for some harmless flirting was never to be turned down! They talked, and were reminiscing old times and in-jokes, sitting silghtly apart from the rest. By this time, it was about 7pm, and the heat of the day was dying down.

“Hey, Leah!” shouted Emily. “We're off back to the village to stock up, do you want anything?”. Danielle, another friend, also drove – and was going to run a couple of people down to the village before the shops shut. Leah felt she shouldn't drink too much, so said she was fine. “Do you want to join us for the run? Danielle's going to stop at hers so I can nip to the loo”. Leah thought to herself. She didn't really feel the need for a wee – but then perhaps she should be sensible and go when there was a chance? On the other hand, she hadn't seen Jack in a while, and was enjoying their time together. “Nah, I'll be alright” she smiled.

Jack opened a can each for them, and they continued talking. Leah was a bit tipsy by this point, which she enjoyed, although she saw no point in getting totally drunk. They sat together talking and enjoying each other's company. They were honest with each other – nothing was going to happen, but there's no harm in an afternoon together. Jack said he needed the loo after a while, and walked back towards the woods, taking another entrance and emerging a couple of minutes later. Leah sat on her own, and realised she needed a wee herself. Maybe she should have gone, when the others were going back to the village? Never mind, she remembered the toilets at the visitor centre. She could go down there in a bit.

By the time Jack returned, Leah was deep in a conversation with some other girls. She would really miss her friends when everyone moved on, and was determined to make the most of the time. As she laid on the grass in the evening sunlight, her attractive body was obvious to any red-blooded man. She was conscious that she had a dress on, but her tights should make up for any accidental flashes to guys.

Danielle and Emily returned from the village trip with some more drinks, and water. Dehydrated by the hot weather and alcohol, Leah quickly downed a large bottle of water. She also realised she was starting to get uncomfortable. If she was at home, she'd definitely stop what she was doing and head to the toilet now. She didn't want to go alone, though, apart from anything else she was terrified she'd get lost. So when, halfway through a sentence, Lauren announced that she was off to the toilet, Leah said she'd come along.

The girls walked down the path, with Lauren asking plenty of questions about Jack. Leah was a little shy and embarrassed, but didn't mind her asking. Lauren was quite a hit with the guys herself – quite tall and slim, with beautiful straight brown hair to her shoulders, she had won “Rear of the Year” at the end-of-year prom awards. As they entered the woods, Lauren turned off the path onto another one.

“Are you sure this is the way?” asked Leah

“What do you mean?” she replied

“Well, you're going to the toilet, back down by the car park?”

“Oh no, those ones close at 6pm”. It was about 8pm by this point. “I'm just going to go in a bush”.

Leah was disappointed. She had never had a wee in a bush before, and honestly didn't know how. She was envious of guys – they just pointed and went! She quite badly needed to go, but wasn't sure how to do it without some sort of embarrassing mishap.

“Right, I think this is ok, can you guard the path whilst I go?”. Leah stood on the path whilst Lauren went around the edge of the bushes. She looked through them, feeling guilty but hoping that she would see how it's done. She saw Lauren reach under her skirt and pull a pair of turquoise knickers down. She lifted up her skirt and pushed her bottom out, then let loose a long stream of wee into the bushes. There was a loud pitter-patter as Lauren's wee hit the dry leaves on the floor, and a hiss as the wee escaped her. Leah was entirely straight, but realised that Lauren entirely deserved the “rear of the year” award!

Lauren came back and Leah nervously went around the bushes. She didn't want to be seen so went further than where Lauren had left a tell-tale wet spot. She rounded some more bushes, confident nobody could see her. Leah was really in a dilemma by this point - she needed a wee, but wasn't sure how, even after watching Lauren. She looked around. Nobody here, don't be silly, just get on with it! She lifted up her skirt and gingerly pulled down her tights and white knickers, and then just stood there, nervously. She tried manipulating herself into a position like Lauren had, but every time she was worried that she'd end up getting some on herself.

“Are you alright?” came a shout. “Yeah, I'm fine” Leah heard herself say. There was no way she could have a wee here. She pulled her tights and knickers back on and came around the bush again where Lauren was waiting. “You were a while, you must have needed to go badly!”.

“Yeah” said Leah “I did”. And I still do, she thought to herself! They walked back to the main path, to head back to the party.

Just as they approached the path, they saw Sarah and Dan, a couple they knew. Dan was guarding the entrance from the main pathway, whilst Sarah had squatted behind a bush – invisible to anyone walking down the hill, but in full view of the girls. She had hitched up her long, flowing skirt, had her black thong at her ankles and was weeing a slow but continual stream into the bush. “Ooops!” she said as Lauren and Leah arrived. “Don't worry, we've just done the same thing!” explained Lauren. If only, thought Leah.

As they went back up the hill Leah was in a dilemma. What on earth could she do? She'd had an opportunity but blown it, for an embarrasingly simple reason. But this didn't make her need a wee any less! They rejoined the party and Leah got talking to Danielle, who like her was on a gap year. Leah was quite nervous about all her friends moving away, but at least there'd be somebody near home once she'd returned from her travels. They discussed the future, boys, exam results and much more. Leah was conscious that she, by now, desperately needed a wee. She didn't want to make it obvious because she was supposed to have just gone! On the other hand, she really didn't want to think about it, so when Danielle announced she was off to water the bushes again, she tried to think of something else.

By now it was about 9pm at night and Leah hadn't had a wee for about 6 hours. She sat on the edge of the hill, slightly tipsy from the beer earlier, and drank some more water. Of course, this was silly, considering how she needed to wee badly. Just then, Jack appeared – he was off home. Leah jumped up (which she regretted, as it caused a sharp pain on her bladder) and thanked him for a good evening. They hugged, although she grimaced over his shoulder – he always held her strongly, which she enjoyed, but not when her bladder was this full! As he left she crossed her legs tightly.

Leah considered her options. Even if she left now, it'd take about an hour before she could get back to the village, and there might not even be a pub open at this time of night. They had intended on staying until 11pm, when Emily's sister would pick them up and take them home. If they did this it'd be almost midnight by the time Leah got home and emptied her bladder. She couldn't wait that long, that was for sure. As she stood talking to people, she realised she couldn't stay still, she was swaying to one side or crossing and uncrossing her legs.

It was crunch time – she was going to have to do something. She'd had her fair share of desperate moments – indeed, she'd done an entire A level exam on a full bladder, and there had been plenty of crossed legs on the way home from a night out before. But this was something different – there wasn't any prospect of release, and if she didn't do something soon, she'd have an accident in front of everyone.

She headed over to Emily who was deep in conversation, and took her to one side. “I really need a wee!” she hissed in her ear. “Oh, just go in the bushes” replied Emily. “But I can't. I haven't ever done it before, I don't know how, and I'm worried. Help!”. Leah had a tone of genuine desperation and helplessness in her voice. She was relying on Emily, her best friend for years, to help her out here. “Ok” replied Emily “Get your shoes on and I'll come with you”. Leah had never been so happy about the prospect of going for a wee! Bending over to slip her sandals on was excruciating, and she had to use all her might to hold her bladder. Her body had been telling her for the past few hours that she needed to go to the toilet, but with one thing and another she'd been distracted. Now, her body was telling her that she needed to go to the toilet before it was out of her hands.

Emily walked with Leah down towards the forest. The friends spent a lot of their time together, and would often laugh and joke, but Emily realised she needed to be a supportive friend here. They walked down the hill and Emily explained that she'd been familiar with how to pee outside for years, after many summer holidays spent hiking with her parents – which Leah had never experienced.

“We'll want somewhere private, let's see” said Emily as they entered the woods. By now the light was fading, but there was still sun filtering through the cracks. Emily stepped off the path, a different way from before, and they followed this around a curve. A large branch had fallen across the way, which Emily hopped over - “Let's just go behind this, then we'll be out of sight of anyone”. Leah wasn't quite so athletic, given her concern for her bladder by this point. She stretched one leg over the branch and straddled it, trying to bring her other leg over too. But the stretching was too much – she had put all her might into reaching over, and had neglected her primary focus – to hold her pee. Leah was rooted to the spot as a squirt of warm wee escaped, and dribbled into her knickers. “Emily, I literally can't wait any more, I'm actually leaking!”. Emily adopted her matter-of-fact best-friend routine. “Right, you can do it, come on” and offered her hand to help her over.

Leah stood the other side of the branch, legs tightly pressed together. Emily demonstrated the technique herself. She hitched up her dress, then pulled her black knickers down to her knees. “It stops them getting wet” she explained, then showed how she squatted down and bent her legs to avoid her feet getting wet.

Leah just stood there “I can't do it!” she said shaking her head “I just can't, I can't let go to pull my pants down or I'll wet them! Please... please help me” she said, her voice wavering.

Emily pulled her own knickers up and went over to her friend. She lifted up Leah's dress, exposing her legs. They were tightly knitted together, tightly crossed, with a hand in her crotch. She wore black tights, but in the sunlight her white knickers could be seen underneath. Emily pulled Leah's knickers and tights down, which was difficult considering that Leah had to keep her legs crossed to avoid leaking any more. Her knickers were white, with a lace trim and a pink bow at the front, and Emily could see that Leah wasn't joking – there was a small wet spot. Emily managed to lower her tights and knickers down to her knees, and adjusted the position of her feet for her. Leah still had a hand jammed tightly in her crotch, but Emily could see a very slight dribble escaping.

“Right, Leah. All you need to do now is squat down, and let go. You'll be fine. Trust me.”.

Leah squatted down, and exploded a stream which reached so far that Emily had to skip out of the way to avoid being hit. She released a torrent of wee which she had been holding in for hours now. All that alcohol, and that water. She'd been uncomfortable for so long, but was finally getting release. Her bottom touched the ground as the stream flowed from her unshaven private area. She sighed, happily, with relief.

The stream turned into a trickle, which carried on for a long time as her poor, overstretched bladder emptied itself. As that died down, Leah sighed and got her breath back. Finally, she could relax.

Emily was rummaging around in her handbag and brought out some tissues, which Leah gladly wiped with. She stood up and pulled up her pretty white knickers, which fitted snugly on her body. There was a small wet patch, but it would dry soon. She pulled up her tights and let down her skirt.

Emily decided she needed to go whilst they were here. She pulled her black knickers to her ankles and squatted, but her puddle was nowhere near as impressive as Leah's.

As they walked back to the party Leah was eternally grateful for Emily's understanding. How many friends would have shown her how to pee outside, and not only that, undressed her? “What are friends for?” asked Emily.

The party was over by the time they returned – it was time for people to head home. Emily and Leah walked back to the car park to be picked up. Leah decided she needed another wee – her poor bladder had obviously not been entirely empty. This time, however, she could pull her own pants down and squat behind a bush, although there weren't any tissues left.

As everyone went their separate ways, Lauren said she'd arrange another reunion in September before everyone left. At least I'll be able to wee comfortably, thought Leah!

*005*2014-06-22 20:19

Thanks everyone - it's really encouraging when people say such things - I honestly didn't think my writing was that good or that anyone else would enjoy it!

