Lesson of fate

Author: peeacsfan

*000*2024-04-23 09:40

Back in my student youth, I learned one thing: the most important thing is what a person is on the inside, rather than his appearance. But it didn't happen all at once, life itself taught me a lesson and prompted me to come to this conclusion.

I was nineteen years old, guys liked me, I studied well, like many girls, I dreamed of great, bright and pure love. Seryozha, a guy from my group, demonstrated in every possible way that he liked me very much. He constantly tried to accompany me home, invited me to the cinema and cafes. I also liked him, it was good, easy, comfortable with him. But there was one thing... A young, slightly arrogant English teacher caused me trepidation and a hormonal surge. He was older than me. In class, from time to time, I noticed his undressing gaze, which confused me, and at the same time pleased me in a feminine way. He managed to charm many girls from our and other courses. I was also interested in him, but I guessed that she was just a young, naïve, student for him, while still thinking about him, but meeting Seryozha in a friendly way. And then one day there was an incident that dotted all the i's.

@@I graduated from university with my friends. Seryozha was upset about this, because he wanted to walk me home as usual, but we decided to go to the store with the girls. Spring was in full swing, it was time to prepare for the summer session, and then two months of freedom! I thought it was time to update my wardrobe and wanted to look for a skirt for myself. The shopping trip took us an hour and a half. Then I went to the bus stop to go home, and at that moment the car with our English teacher pulled up. He offered to let me down. I agreed, but he immediately persuaded me to sit with him in a café. Without hesitation, I agreed. He ordered us a glass of wine, but overall I felt a little constrained, which was not at all like me. Even after drinking the wine, my embarrassment did not go away, but on the contrary, it seemed to increase. At the same time, I was interested in him as a grown man. He behaved confidently, complimented me, ordered another drink, so that I ended up getting drunk. And he seemed to be waiting for this moment, and as soon as I emptied the glass, he paid the waiter and we went out. I thought that would be the end of it, but the teacher, under some pretext, offered me to go to his house, and I, a little hesitantly, almost immediately agreed.

@@As we walked up to him, I belatedly began to wonder why he had suddenly invited me to his place, and whether it was right of me to agree. However, it was too late to think, because we were standing on the threshold of his apartment, and he invited me into the room as if it was the right thing to do. I sat down on a cozy, soft couch, and he brought another glass of wine for himself and me. It was uncomfortable to refuse, although I was well aware that there was too much alcohol for me today and I had to stop there. He acted like I wasn't his student and he wasn't my teacher, which embarrassed me. Then he sat down next to me and hugged me. He began to say that he had liked me for a long time, that I was beautiful, etc. I had a suspicion that he had already said this more than once to other girls. At that moment, Seryozha, my classmate, seemed to be the closest guy to me, and I really wanted him to be there. Although he was not so experienced, and I did not really perceive him as a man at the time, I did not like the teacher for his calculation, self-confidence, and impudence. At one point, I said I had to go. He didn't try to persuade me to stay. At that moment, I no longer had any sympathy for him, it was as if I had seen the real him, and the romantic coloring had completely disappeared. I really wanted to leave this apartment as soon as possible, I understood that I would never return to it. I left the entrance and walked briskly to the bus stop. Quick, because I had another problem: I wanted to go to the bathroom!

I felt uneasy, it was my first disappointment. I had no idea that it was best when you were disappointed in a person without spending part of your life on them. I only spent part of the day on it, and it was enough for me. But what a good and nice guy Seryozha seemed to me now. With these thoughts in mind, I came to the bus stop and waited.

Transport, according to the law of meanness, rarely went. Only three minibuses stopped, as luck would have it, the wrong ones. I had to stand and brace myself, once I even went to the stall and back to distract myself at least a little.

Finally, the trolleybus arrived, and I got into it, although I preferred minibuses, and another time I would certainly have waited for it, but at that moment I really wanted to get home as soon as possible. A minute later, however, I already regretted that I did not wait for the minibus, because the trolleybus vibrated terribly, and because of this, my desire to visit the ladies' room increased dramatically. So much so that I had to squeeze my legs imperceptibly. With anxiety in my heart, I imagined the long way home, and I panicked. I didn't even notice how I was trapped, I had to do something urgently! URGENTLY! I desperately wanted it out of necessity! I might not have made it home. And then it dawned on me. Serezha! Seryozhenka, how I love you!! If I get off through the stop, I can go to him. I reached into my bag, pulled out my phone, looked up his name in the directory, and pressed the call button.

"Hello," Seryozha's voice rang out happily surprised.

- Hello, Seryozha, are you home now?

"Yes, but I was just about to leave."

- Yes? Could you stay a little longer, I'm in your neighborhood right now, would you like to visit you? I said with a tremor in my voice.

- Right now?

- Yes.

"At least you should have warned me that I had to go."

- Seryozh! It's a matter of life and death!! Wait for me, please!

"Well, well, what happened?"

"I can't explain it to you right now!" (Well, I couldn't tell him, and in the trolleybus, that I really wanted to go to the toilet)

"Okay, I'll wait for you." Are you sure you're all right?

"Yes, it's all right, I'll be with you soon." That's it, wait.

Glory be to Thee, Lord! I put my phone in my purse. The trolleybus was barely dragging like a turtle! It seemed to me that time was passing slowly, I could no longer stand still, and I dreamed of getting to the bus stop as soon as possible, and there rushing to Seryozha, and at least starting to move at last! Somehow I endured, jumped out, and with a quick, small-sized step went to my rescue. I had a feeling that I was about to burst, or I wouldn't make it... Well, in general, I wanted to solve this problem as soon as possible.

@@I mentally cursed the teacher for confusing me, giving me wine in broad daylight, and unobtrusively trying to seduce me. After all, he put me in such a stupid position now. It doesn't get any worse... In fact, I know what is usually advised in such cases: "It's better to let your conscience burst than your bladder", "I should have gone to a café", "I should have sat down in the bushes, my health is more expensive", "It's my fault, I should have gone on time". Yes! I completely agree with that. It is. But I was a nineteen-year-old, well-mannered student, and I cursed myself for not going out on time. I had to give up on everything, and go to the toilet at the teacher's house, what's wrong with that? But my pride, good manners, and shyness did not allow me to do so. I don't know if there were any cafes nearby at that time, maybe so. But I didn't have time to look for them! And I couldn't sit somewhere in a back alley or in thin bushes in a crowded area! I ran like a hunted animal, and thought to myself that at least Seryozha did not have parents at home. He often invited me to visit, his parents wanted to get to know me. But at that moment, I wouldn't want them to see me! In front of Serhiy, you will still have to somehow manage to pull yourself together and try to calmly go to the toilet. I could hardly imagine it, though.

With such slightly distracting thoughts, I almost walked briskly to his house. Two guys walked past me, one of them asked me where I was in such a hurry, wanting to make an acquaintance. I didn't even slow down (if only he knew where). Panic, fear, and shame began to grip me more and more, and soon I switched to running. I can imagine how stupid I looked at that moment, but my urine was gone. My word upon it!

I ran to the house all out of breath. Luckily for me, someone was coming out of the entrance right at the moment when I approached him, and I managed to save time so as not to ring the intercom. In a matter of seconds, I was at the elevator and pressed the call button.

"Well, that's it, it's almost saved, there's just a little bit left. Concentrate, and most importantly, calmly enter the apartment. Don't panic! Take off your shoes and go to the bathroom right away!!", I set myself up, desperately pacing back and forth by the elevator, taking advantage of the fact that there was no one around. (Just at that moment, the door of the entrance slammed). "Well, I guess I'd better walk," I thought, imagining that I would not go alone in such a state, and besides, I just couldn't stand still any longer.

I had to run to the seventh floor, but already on the second floor I imagined with horror how I would appear in front of Seryozha in this form. On the third, I thought that indeed, let my conscience burst; Passing the fourth, I decided to spit on all decency for myself, because it just became scary: I decided that I would do my business on the fifth, and then I would quietly wash off, anyway, no one would know anything, and I would call Serhiy and say that I solved the problem without him, especially since he did not know what the problem was. But as soon as I got to the next floor, I saw a man smoking there, and it was because of him, because of him...

I am very grateful that he was there. And six years later, I am marrying Seryozha, the most beautiful, kind, gentle and understanding person in the world! And I'm not even mad at the English teacher, maybe fate specifically ordered it, and taught me a lesson, and then showed me the right path to happiness, and this man went out to smoke not by chance at that very moment...

In general, at that moment, of course, I thought differently, or rather I scolded him with the last words, but I could be understood. I just didn't have the strength anymore, and this guy was there at the wrong time! And he didn't let me pee in peace. After running two floors, I rang the doorbell with my last breath! His lower abdomen was as hard as a rock and threatened to make a river flow right under the door! The seconds of waiting felt like an eternity, every heartbeat clearly felt in my poor bladder. Only by crossing my legs and bending forward a little I managed not to pee on the threshold of Seryozhin's house...

... It was in this position that he saw me when he opened the door. His face was one of amazement and curiosity.

- Hello. What's wrong with you? He asked, not taking his eyes off in surprise.

"I'm all right, I wanted to take your notes and rewrite them, will I pass?!" - Out of nowhere, I suddenly began to invent, for some unknown reason, apparently subconsciously trying to hide my problem. But as soon as I straightened up and unclenched my legs... No, the bladder certainly didn't burst, I know now that it won't burst. My conscience also remains clear... One way or another, what happened happened: I was standing on the doorstep of my future husband's house, and... Mom... Thin streams poured out of me right down my pantyhose. And I also managed to take off my shoes, unsuccessfully trying to resist the call of nature, handed them to Seryozha, because I didn't even have the strength to put them on the floor myself, and with pantyhose already wet on the butt and thighs, I broke into the toilet!

The next minute and a half was comparable only to the most powerful orgasm! For about fifteen minutes, I cleaned myself up in the bathroom. I took off my pantyhose and wrapped them in newspaper, dried my panties with a hairdryer, and went out as if nothing had happened...

That scene flashed through my mind as I stood on the threshold. I mustered all my will as he opened the door to prevent this from happening.

- Hello again! "Come in," he invited me, "what's the matter with you?"

- Listen! I suddenly began to compose, "You have a synopsis on linguistics, don't you?" I need to rewrite your last lecture!

- Yes, of course! Was it a matter of life and death for you?

- Well, in general, yes... It's just that I put my notes somewhere," I said some nonsense, instead of saying directly that I was about to pee.

- Okay, I'll let you rewrite it. Are you going to drink tea?

"Yes," I said, taking off my shoes.

"Come into the kitchen," he invited me.

- Uh-huh, only... I'd like to wash my hands...

- Yes, come in, here's the bathroom! In the meantime, I'll pour some tea. Do you drink hard?

"Well, it's average," I replied, coming in to "wash my hands." Needless to say, he took my expression literally, and now I was standing where there was only a sink and a shower, but there was no need for what I really needed... And then I did the unbelievable: I closed the door, turned on the water and... peed right in the bathroom.

Then we talked merrily, he looked at me with loving eyes. It was getting late, and it was time to go home. But he called me into the room for a minute, took me by the hand, and said, "You know, I love you! I want to date you." And we kissed for the first time in his room, I think I fell in love with him that day too. Or maybe it was because of the spring aggravation. He walked me to the bus stop, and so began the first day of our relationship.

Throughout our studies, Seryozha and I were inseparable. We literally reveled in each other, we were always together, the whole university was touched by our relationship. The English teacher gave me an "A" automatically, and for the next year they said that he had resigned, and another teacher was hired in his place.

Tomorrow Sergey and I will have a wedding! God, I'm so worried! We've been together for six years, and we're not at all bored with each other, despite the fact that there is talk around about "critical" phases of relationships, and that girls are looking for older companions. Apparently, we don't live by the same laws and rules, and our tender feelings are still alive and well.

That's how fate once taught me a lesson, showing me the right path. Someone searches for it all their life, and does not always find it, someone takes years of life, mistakes and disappointments. I'm a lucky girl, because I found her quickly, paying only with a fleeting disappointment. And how Seryozha laughed when he only recently found out why I was really at his place that day. He still wonders why I didn't say it directly, and even solved the problem in the bathroom, and not in the toilet.

*002*2024-04-24 17:05

Thanks! Yes, there was a case

