A Desperate Smash

Author: PPP

*000*2016-02-25 22:09

A while ago, I posted a topic with four story ideas. I did the first, https://omorashi.org/topic/26588-yellow-ink-a-splatoon-fanfic/

But never got around to the second. Now, without further procrastination, here it is.

***

The worst part of the smashes, thought Lucina, wasn’t the pain of receiving a Falcon Punch or even the shame of defeat. No, she decided, it was the waiting. She groaned as she sat on the locker room’s bench, polishing the Falchion for the hundredth time. Her fight was going to start in a matter of minutes, where in the world was her partner? Lucina started to fidget in place. A pressure was building up in her bladder. It wasn’t that bad, and as a soldier she often had to hold her urine for hours on end. Still, she felt it would be best to relieve herself before the fight. She stood up to head for a stall and winced as the pressure worsened.

Just then, there was a flash of light. A doorway appeared in the middle of the locker room and out walked two ladies in bodysuits, Samus and Bayonetta.

“Those angels were tougher than I expected,” said Samus, wiping sweat from her brow.

“I don’t know,” Bayonetta replied , “they weren’t so bad if you’ve killed thousands of angels.”

“Geez, remind me to watch out for you,” laughed Samus.

“I think the one in white had a crush on me. Did you see how that cheeky bugger blushed when I grabbed him?”

“Not really, I had my hands full with the emo one.”

“I’d love to stay and chat,” said Bayonetta, “but I’m dying for a slash.”

“What?” asked Samus, confused.

“Wee. Tinkle. Piss. Use the loo.”

“Oh. Me too.”

Lucina cursed as the two women walked into the only available stalls, apparently not noticing her. She cringed as she heard the sound of liquid hitting liquid.

Take a deep breath, she thought. You can hold it. Think about something else. Like where is my useless teammate?

Lucina’s question was answered as another doorway appeared. A woman with long green hair dressed in an elegant white dress trimmed with gold stepped out.

“Sorry I’m late,” said the newcomer, twirling a staff. “Palutena, goddess of light, at your service.”

Lucina took a closer look at her new partner. Light seemed to shine from her very being. She also was wearing a beautiful golden necklace that hung around her… large… attractive… brea-

“Hey!” Palutena’s voice brought Lucina out of her trance. “I’m an elegant goddess, eyes up here.”

“Sorry,” said Lucina quietly, turning bright red.

Palutena laughed. “I was just joking with you, it’s okay,” she said. “I don’t mind the attention, just keep your main focus on the fight.”

“Right,” said Lucina, trying to regain her composure. “I am Lucina, princess of Ylisse. Do you know who we’re up against?”

“No, I just got here,” Palutena admitted. “But I’m sure we can take ‘em.”

Once again there was a flash as a doorway appeared.

“You ready?” asked Palutena. Lucina clenched her bladder muscles and nodded. Together, they stepped through the door to the unknown.

In an instant, they were at the stage of battle. Lucina looked around at her surroundings. They were on one of many floating islands covered with stone and moss. Three smaller platforms hung in the air above them. Lucina grinned. This stage, Battlefield, was one of her favorites. Her grin quickly turned to grimace, however, as a new wave of desperation hit her. She crossed her legs and gritted her teeth. Please let this fight be easy, she thought. At that moment, two barrels appeared on the other side of the stage. Lucina barely had time to read the letters DK on them before they burst open, revealing a muscular gorilla wearing a necktie and a monkey in a vest and cap. Donkey Kong and Diddy Kong, a fighting force to be reckoned with. Lucina groaned. She had to pee now worse than ever. She was so close to wetting-

Stop that, she told herself. You’re a fighter and you have a goddess on your side, you can do this. You can defeat these beasts and hold your urine until the end of the fight.

“I will not fail,” she said under her breath, emboldened by her promise. “Palutena, you take Diddy. I’ll handle the ape.”

Donkey Kong rushed at her, but Lucina was ready for him. She sidestepped his rolling attack and swiped at him with the Falchion. Her blade hit home and the giant ape staggered back. She saw Palutena leaping above her to meet Diddy in the air. Lucina blushed as she caught a glimpse up the goddess’ dress. Despite herself, she angled her head for a better look...

WHAM! A giant fist slammed into her gut . Lucina gasped as the impact loosened her bladder. She clenched it back up again, but not before a few drops leaked out.

I have a promise to keep, she thought, and I am not going to break it that easily.

Donkey Kong wound up his fist for another punch, but Lucina interrupted with her Dancing Blade technique. The quick series of slashes left the gorilla briefly stunned, and she took the opportunity to jab at him with all her might. The impact launched him into the air, straight towards Palutena. With perfect timing, the goddess swung her staff and hit both the Kongs, sending them flying off the stage. Lucina sighed in relief as Donkey Kong soared over her head. The battle was won, and not a moment too soon as her bladder felt like it was about to burst. She crossed her legs tighter than ever and waited for the doorway to appear.

“Behind you!” cried Palutena. Lucina turned and realized with dread that Donkey Kong had recovered and was headed straight towards her! She raised her sword just in time to absorb his right hook. Lucina’s counterattack sent Donkey flying offstage for good this time. However, the force was too much for her poor bladder. She grabbed her crotch to try and stop the flow, but it was too late. A torrent of warm pee escaped, soaking her panties and running in rivulets down her legs. Lucina stood there, dripping and mortified, as the flow eventually subsided.

“No,” she whispered. The doorway back appeared, but she payed it no heed.

“Well, when you gotta go you gotta go,” said Palutena, trying to cheer her partner up. “Look on the bright side. We won, didn’t we?” Lucina, however, could not be comforted.

“I… failed my duties,” said Lucina in a small voice. “I’m a princess and a warrior, I don’t p-p-” She couldn’t bring herself to finish the sentence. Instead she hung her head in shame.

“Hey, I know what’ll make you feel better.” Lucina looked up at the sound of Palutena’s whisper. The goddess of light lifted up her dress, revealing a pair of beautiful silk panties.

“What are you doing?” asked Lucina. In response, Palutena gave a small sigh of relief and a dark wet spot slowly appeared on the front of her panties. She laughed and blushed as a few golden trickles ran down her gorgeous legs and into her stockings. Lucina gazed stunned at this display.

“Feeling better?” asked Palutena with a wink. Lucina nodded. The goddess smiled and kissed her on the lips. Lucina felt her crotch grow wet in a different way…

“Now,” said Palutena, “let’s get out of these wet clothes.” Hand in hand, the two walked through the doorway.

END

Yes, I realize that two low-tiers beating a mid- and a high-tier is unlikely.

*002*2016-02-26 22:51

{{I wouldn't say that. Tiers are just a way of ranking characters based on they're abilities and such but they alone don't determine who would win against who. What really determines that is how good a person is at using them.

}}

I meant as a joke; it's assuming the players are on relatively even terms.

*006*2016-02-27 16:09

{{:

Is this a British term? I have never heard of anyone using "slash" as a euphemism for peeing.

}}

Yeah, it's British. http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=slash&page=2

{{:

I love the way Bayonetta acted and spoke in this, any chance of a follow up with her?

}}

Maybe, I'm not sure what the scenario would be though.

*011*2016-03-02 01:18

{{:

She fights a seemingly endless swarm of angels and has to pee. There you go.

}}

Maybe, but I kinda want to keep it within Smash Bros. I'm playing with a few ideas, some of which involve Pit...

