The Hannah Chronicles

Author: pinkelpeter

*004*2022-01-10 20:09

Here's the next chapter. Again, it's in the form of a character telling her story. I'm still trying out different styles and seeing which ones I like. This chapter is mostly about desperation. Enjoy!

Chapter 5: You can drive. All night.

Hannah and Laura found themselves sitting on Hannahs couch. They were halfway into a romantic comedy they both liked and watched countless times. A scene came on where the female protagonist was getting desperate while getting groceries and driving home. Previous times, none of the girls thought anything about it. This time, they exchanged looks and smiled a bit nervously. Hannah chuckled.

"You know, this scene reminds me of one very embarrassing moment in my life. I thought nothing else of it back then. You wanna hear the story?" - "What do you think? Tell me. Was it that one time you told me when you were desperate in a Zoom call?" - "Well no. That was interesting too, but I'm used to being desperate on the PC, so it doesn't count. It was way back when I turned 19 and got my first car. You remember I used to drive around for hours without a destination back then because it was all so new and exciting?" - "Sure, you took me with you some times." - "I did. But the time I'm thinking of, I was alone.

So I was driving around for, I don't know, 3 hours I guess, and I had to stop for gas. When I was done filling the car up, I got some cans of Red Bull to keep me awake. It was way past 3am already. I quickly downed one of them and drove off. Some time after, I started noticing the energy drink in my bladder and decided to head home, given how late it was. I had maybe a one hour drive ahead of me, which seemed reasonable.

You know my bladder. But then, while on the highway, the traffic slowed down until it came to a stop. It was raining like crazy that day and some guy on the radio said that a truck managed to swerve and fall on it's side. The driver was fine, luckily. But still, the road was completely closed and the radio guy said it would stay like that for another hour or so. Suddenly, I started noticing my bladder way more than before. You know that feeling when you start approaching the toilet and your need turns tenfold?" - "Sure. And it increases even more when you try to unbutton your pants and they're too tight. Sorry, go on."

"So I was sitting there, having just opened the second can of Red Bull. I was starting to shift in my seat. The heavy rain hitting my car's roof and my windshield wipers going crazy didn't improve things. I turned some music on to distract myself. You know what's worse than sitting in traffic having to pee? Slowly, repeatedly moving in traffic. Every few seconds, we moved a bit, as the police were guiding individual cars around the accident to keep the flow going." - Laura blinked at the words "accident" and "keep the flow going". She was wondering what happened next. Hannah was completely focused on her story. "So as I was creeping ahead, each time I pressed the clutch and accelerator, I was shaken a bit. I wasn't as experienced back then, so it was sometimes a bit rough. I felt the fluids inside me shake too. I weighed my options. Should I try to change lanes to the shoulder and stop? It wouldn't have made a difference.

In this moment I wished I was a guy. I would just yank out my schlong and pee away. I could have even used a bottle and stayed in the comforts of my car. But I was stuck with my non-protruding lady parts, so I had to think of something different. The traffic came to a complete stop again. I waited. One minute. Five minutes. I was getting nervous. How much longer could it take? In the distance, I started to see the police cars and tow truck, so I thought it couldn't take too long. Nothing moved, except for the rain still going strong. Nothing on the radio. I looked around.

The woman in the car next to me had her phone out and talking to someone. She was gesturing ahead and repeatedly put her hands on her face. As I had no other ideas, I wondered whether she might know more about the hold up. She saw me looking at her, waved at me and gestured me to come around to the driver side of her car. I was surprised. Waved my hands around, gesturing for the heavy rain around us. She pointed at her driver's window again, before pointing at her phone and to the hold up ahead. Okay, it was clear she wanted to tell me something. She seemed friendly enough. Not knowing if I might regret this, I opened my door and stepped outside of my car into the pouring rain."

Hannah paused for a second to take a sip from the wine. It helped her loosen her tongue, as she did not expect telling this story to anyone, let alone in such great detail. Although Laura was listening closely all the time, she was literally getting pulled into it now. She subconciously moved her upper body forward a bit and her eyes widened. Hannah finally continued.

"So I stepped outside, immediately closing the door to keep my car dry. At least for now." She winked with a grin. "The second I stood there, I was feeling my hair pulled down, sticking to my forehead. It pattered on my shoulders as if I stood in the shower on full blast. I was wearing that black Pink Floyd t-shirt that I wore all the time back then. I pulled my neck down like a turtle as I felt the rain going down my back. That woman gestured again to come over. So I did, trying to walk as quickly as possible. I don't know why, there was no destination to get cover, but you know how everyone somehow runs in the rain even if they don't have anywhere to go? So I reached the other car's driver's door, already feeling soaked. My jeans got wet from the knees down and turned dark blue. I started feeling some drops getting into my bra.

At least it was warm that night, could have been worse. So anyway, I got there, and the woman rolled her window down a bit. Through the sound of the rain and slightly angry about being called over in the rain, I screamed: What is it? You know something? Actually she did. She told me her husband was a police officer and got word from a colleague working in this very traffic jam that some fuel leaked from the truck. I shuddered at the word 'leaked'. I was suddenly reminded of my own needs.

Her husband said it should be cleaned up in ten minutes tops, and then it would continue. He said the rain washed most of the leak away. I shuddered again. I thanked her and quickly got back to my car. From leaning down to her window, the entire backside of my shirt and my butt were drenched. I sat down in my car. You remember my car had leather seats? That day, I was as happy as I could get about that. When I sat down a bit too quickly, my bladder took a hit. That moment I really felt it push on me. But somehow nothing happened yet."

Laura was forgetting the world around her, hanging on Hannah's lips. She quickly took a sip too when Hannah paused again. "What then?", Laura pressed. "I'm getting to it. So now I knew that it wouldn't take too long, but my back half and shoulders were soaking wet and I was getting more desperate by the minute. I don't know why, but I was stupid enough to take another sip of Red Bull again. Muscle memory, maybe. When the car in front of me started to move, I was so happy that I actually spurted a bit. It wasn't much, but I could clearly feel it. I quickly buckled up, which wasn't pleasant as it pressed on my poor bladder again, and started to move. Slow, but steady, I drove towards the tow truck and past it, thinking of the words "leaking gas" and "washed away by the rain" again. I focused on the road again.

I still had about 20 minutes left to drive home, but I was being optimistic that I would make it. Ten minutes from home, a wave of desperation hit me again. I felt my bladder contracting violently and had to use all my power to stop it. I still lost another spurt. My underwear was starting to feel wet, adding to the outside wetness of my butt. I had to make a decision here and there. Will I make it home? Should I stop somewhere, hoping no other car would pass by and see my exposed private parts? I decided on the latter. Problem was: I was on a major illuminated road, so I clearly couldn't stop there. I quickly planned a route in my head. Left there. Right there. Ahead. Stopped at traffic lights.

When I got going again, I felt another spurt, much longer this time. I could only stop it after 3 seconds or more as I still had to focus on the road. There were no other drivers at least. One more right turn. Finally I was on an unpaved road leading nowhere. I lost yet another spurt when I stepped on the brakes too hard. I couldn't stop it this time. I quickly turned my car off, yanked the door open and stepped outside. It was still raining like before. I looked up to the sky for a second, like in a trance, and finally started to open my belt, all while still full-on peeing my pants. I yanked my pants down and squatted. I figured it made no sense to try and pull my panties down as they were soaked anyway. And then I peed."

"And peed. And peed. Full-force. Through my panties. I forgot I wore them. I forgot that it still rained like crazy and my shirt and pulled-down jeans got soaked too. I forgot the road was basically a pool of mud from the rain and my shoes and jeans were laying on the ground. I just peed. And then finally I was empty. I needed a few seconds to get back to my senses. Only then I realized that, although I finally got to pee, I created heap of problems. I looked at my jeans, hanging from my knees, halfway into the mud. I picked them up. They were much heavier than dry. I pulled them up over my dripping panties, it didn't make a difference. Using the rain, I tried to get at least some of the mud out of them so it doesn't end up in my car.

When I was done, the front of my t-shirt was soaked too. So then I stood there, in the dark, completely drenched to the bone. And if it wasn't already bad enough, a car came around with high-beams on. When the car stopped next to me, the guy asked me if I needed help. I said no, I just needed directions back to the city. That was a lie. What should I have said? No, I just stopped here to take a pee, but I completely peed my pants before I got the chance, but you couldn't tell as the rain soaked me anyway. That would have been... a bit direct. So he gave me detailed directions back and then drove off. I got into my car and started to drive off.

Thanks to my de-tour, I now had another 10 minutes left until I finally reached home. I thought about what happened. Although I was extremely embarrassed by the whole thing, I was still glad that it was finally over. I turned on the radio and put my playlist on shuffle. It was still raining as if it never stopped. And then I had a magic moment, despite all adversities of the day. When Cigarette Daydreams by Cage The Elephant came on, I was looking at myself in the mirror and whisper-sung along:

You can drive. All night. Looking for the answers in the pouring rain."

*005*2022-01-11 22:00

Here's chapter 6. I took your advice, @PeeHour

, and tried to improve the structure a bit. I'm afraid the length of this chapter got a bit out of hand, but the story just didn't want to stop. And I also wanted to end the evening both Hannah and Laura (and I) anticipated so I could have some new ideas without fleeing into side storys and flashbacks for continuity's sake. Anyway, enjoy.

Chapter 6: The pee never bothered me anyway

When Hannah finished telling her story, she took a deep breath. All those years of remembering it then-and-there, mostly when driving around or being desperate for a pee, and then cringing about it disappeared. She felt relieved. Laura was captivated. She finally whispered:

"And then? You came home?"

Hannah chuckled. Yes, she did get home eventually. But nothing worth telling happened afterwards. She just undressed, had a long, naked (and thus boring, she added) shower and went to sleep. Laura frowned upon this. Although the story went on for over half an hour, it ended too soon. Hannah added that she felt more embarrassed than curious back then, but yesterday's events shed a new light on it. After some more time of watching, but not really concentrating on the movie, Hannah jumped:

"Hey! Let's spice the evening up a bit. How about a holding contest?"

"A what?", Laura said, puzzled.

"A contest where we regularly drink water and see who will hold it the longest. I read about that while on a more shady part of the internet. Quickly forgot it again. Give me a sec, I'll pull up a set of rules..."

Hannah got her laptop out. While starting it up, opening an incognito tab and typing, she had a determined and mischievous look on her face. She cycled through some links.

"Quiz... how much do you have to... I'm gonna make you.... There it is!", Hannah triumphed. "It's a quiz with instructions on what to do. With a, quote, guarantee to pee your pants, end quote. How naughty."

Laura lifted her eyebrows. "A quiz? But yeah, sure. Okay... You start." She sat up straight.

Hannah concentrated on the screen. "Okay. So step one is to get a glass of water and quickly drink it. You know what? The wine is too good for this and I don't want to die tonight, I'll be right back." She jumped from the couch and disappeared into the kitchen. Laura heard the fridge open. Hannah rummaging through it. The fridge closing with a thump. Hannah's head perked through the door, grinning.

"Look what I found!", she said, holding an entire palette of 24 cans of a tea and energy drink mix. Hannah was holding it close to her body and carefully placed it on the coffee table in front of them. "I always drink this stuff while gaming. Pro: Keeps me awake forever. Con: Makes you go pee constantly. It's the reason for 9 out of 10 times I was this close", she touched her thumb and index fingers, "to loosing it. Well, maybe that's not a con this time", she said and let herself fall on the sofa. "So, step one. Here." She took and opened a can for Laura, gave it to her, and opened one herself. Laura took a sip. She was surprised.

"Oh. I hate this energy stuff normally. It tastes more like iced tea actually. I get why you drink this stuff like water." She took a bigger sip.

"I told you. Come on, don't fall asleep", Hannah teased. She didn't waste time, as she was used to in the short pauses. She downed half the can in one go, accompanied by loud gurgles and ended with an "aaaah. That's better". Both continued to drink the can, eager for the next step.

"Okay, finally", Laura said, turning the can upside down. A single drop fell off, hitting her black pants and instantly disappearing. She shook the can again. Nothing. She frowned. "So, what's next?"

"Let's see. Okay. It says to wait for half an hour and then do the same. Booring." Hannah was impatient. "Guess you have to earn it." After 29 minutes, Laura reached for the next can. Hannah stopped her. "Patient you have to be, young peedawan."

"Shut up, nerd", Laura said. She secretly adored Hannah's nerdy comments. "Okay, now gimme.", she snapped her fingers pointing at the can. Hannah obliged. Both downed the can, more quickly than before. As if it was a hot summer's day and they were dying for a refreshment. Laura stopped when the can felt empty, fully aware of liquid still touching her lips.

"Empty!", she exclaimed, turning the can upside down again. As she anticipated, more liquid came out this time, creating a wet spot on her thigh. She observed the glistening. "Oops!", she chuckled.

"Hey, don't cheat!", Hannah said. She shook her can. There was still some liquid in it. She looked over at Laura with a grin. Without breaking eye contact, she slowly dumped the contents on her own thigh, creating a bigger wet spot than Laura did. "Now we're even. Okay, next. Ah, now it gets interesting. Stand up and do fifteen squats. Fair enough." She got up and started. "Get up, Miss Lazy!"

Laura was reluctant. After her second can and observing Hannah's revenge, she started to feel her bladder. She was also curious on what challenges came next, so she got up and stood next to Hannah. She squatted down and got up. "One", she said. After five, she felt her needs increase as her belt pushed on her bladder. "I'm gonna undo my belt", she said.

"No you don't. Not my fault you're wearing it. Hurry up!", Hannah said, energetic as always when it came to working out. "aaand fifteen!", she said, jumping up after getting up from the last squat. Laura started to struggle a bit after twelve. She wasn't in as good of a shape. For the last one, she had to contract her muscles will all remaining strength. Half way up, she felt her bladder contract and quickly winced down again. Nothing yet, luckily. But she still had to get up. Hannah was already back on the couch and enjoyed the show. Laura was looking over at her, eyes wide open, slightly hunched. "Already losing it? Women up now and get back here", Hannah barked. She tends to imitate a drill sergeant when it comes to sports. Laura finally managed to get up and exhaled sharply.

"Done", Laura said, falling on the couch. Some drops of sweat appeared on her forehead. "I want to read the next one." She yanked Hannah's laptop and read aloud. "Next. Lay flat on your stomach and relax. That should be easy." They did. Although both now felt their needs increase, they managed to contain it for now. When they got back up, Hannah took off her sports jacket.

"It's getting warm, isn't it?", she said. She tossed the jacket on the floor next to her. Her red tank top already had small hints of pit stain. "Much better. How are you holding up?"

"Still empty, I could do this all night", Laura said, having some more drops of sweat on her forehead. Hannah looked at her with a smile, tilting her head.

"Yeah, sure you can. Let's move on. Oh, this will be fun. Sit on the toilet fully clothed for one minute. You're up for it?", Hannah said.

"O... Okay, sure", Laura said, not quite as sure. They both walked over to the bathroom. Hannah sat down first. She wiggled around a bit and looked straight ahead. She started to count.

"58... 59... 60. That was easy. Now you go. But as you appear bored, I'll increase the difficulty a bit." Hannah waited for Laura to sat down, walked over to the sink, and turned the faucets on. She added to it by making hissing noises.

"Hey, that's not fair", Laura protested. "But whatever, I'm gonna win anyway". None of the two believed that. Hannah cautiously monitored Laura for any motions. At the 20 second mark, Laura felt a contraction again. She flinched.

"Oh no!", Hannah said in a mocking voice. She hissed again. "Think of warm waterfalls. Flowing freely. Let it go! Let it go! Can't hold it back anymooore" she sang, rotating on the spot. Laura struggled but tried to concentrate. Finally, the 60 second mark was up and she shot up from the toilet. She didn't dare to tell Hannah how close she got to losing it. Hannah slouched back to her living room, thinking of ways to finally defeat Laura. When they sat down, she took another two cans. "You know the drill", Hannah said, starting to feel impatient and also feeling her bladder bulge a bit.

This time, neither of the girls had intentions of drinking the whole can, leaving about a fifth in it. Looking at each other and silently agreeing on cheating, they slowly turned the cans upside down again and dumped the liquid on their bellies. Hannah flinched. The liquid started to flow down her tank top and into the waist band of her leggings. It was still a bit cold from the fridge. When a drop entered her panties, she shuddered. She immediately moved the can upwards, trying to spread as much as possible on her boobs to avoid more of the liquid finding it's way down. Laura saw this and quickly did the same.

Luckily she poured slower and had yet to reach the point of it flowing down. When both of their cans were finally empty, they snapped out of the staring context. Both now had reasonably-sized wet spots on their tank tops, while Hannah's red one obviously showed more. Hannah took a deep breath, making her chest move up and down, and felt the wet fabric stick to her body. Maybe this wasn't such a good idea, she thought. The wet feeling somehow elevated her needs drastically. She was getting nervous. She distracted herself by looking into the laptop again.

"Okay. Uhm..." She started wiggling her thighs. "next up is... Standing up and touching.... touching your toes. Five times, for ten seconds each." She gulped. Still, she had to mime the soon-to-be-winner, so she pulled herself up and gestured for Laura to do the same. Both looked at each other, having both a smile and curled-up eyebrows, eyes wide open. This was it. Both bent over, looking at their feet. Both moaned in discomfort. When they got back up, Hannah was sweating even more, an empty look on her face. "One", she said. Two. Back up. Laura shuddered and pressed her thighs together, thinking of kinked garden hoses. A well-built dam. The Sahara desert. The rain forest. She shook her head. A dried-up cookie from yesterday. Dumped in coffee, soaking, dripping. She shook her head again.

They got down again. When touching her toes, Hannah felt a contraction. She gasped. She felt her knees get soft, trying to force her into a squat. She had to withstand it. She could not lose. Not lose a drop. Her bladder contracted again. This time, she felt a spurt. And another. She quickly looked over. Laura was still looking down, breathing heavily. She must have not noticed it yet. It was finally time to get up again. They observed each other. "Last one", both said simultaneously.

They slowly got down again. Laura felt her belt like a slowed-down punch to her bladder. It felt as if the liquid was starting to be pushed out forcefully. She was starting to lose control. A wave of desperation hit her and she shuddered violently. Her legs started to shake, as if they weren't able to carry the weight of her bladder. Her whole body was aching for release. She took a glance at Hannah. "TEN!", she screamed.

Hannah was startled. She gasped again and felt a spurt. She tried to contract her muscles, but nothing happened. She tried again. The spurt turned into a leak. The leak gained momentum. Hannah pressed her thighs together and got to her knees a bit. "No! N-No! Ugh", she whimpered. She lost. After some seconds, she was finally able to shut the flow. Her leggings were completely drenched between her legs, single drops falling from it. The streaks down her legs glistened up and slowly disappeared. She looked over to Laura, defeated.

"I won! I won!", Laura said, jumping in the air. She immediately regretted this wave of joy. When her feet touched the ground, it felt like a water balloon was dropped inside her body. This was too much. She felt the pee shoot out with full force. There was no point in containing it now, she thought. She relaxed. At this rate, her panties were completely soaked within five seconds. She put her hands on her black pants. She could feel the pee pool in her hand, slowly drenching the front of her pants and escaping downwards, making her pants shine like they were made of leather. She rubbed her hands, trying to spread the wetness as much as possible. The heat between her legs made her shiver. When she was finally done, a sizable puddle formed underneath her, despite her pants having soaked up most of it. Her pants felt heavy and sticked to her knees and thighs. She smiled at Hannah, eyes half-closed from exhaustion and relieve.

Hannah was jealous. Not only had she lost, she was still close to exploding. "Ugh. Screw this. You won", she said, looking down and tilting her hips forward. She waited for the next contraction of her bladder and didn't prevent it. She felt the pee shoot out of her, hitting her panties hard. She made a hissing sound, only this time not from her mouth. Her panties had no chance to soak the liquid up as quickly as it came, so it shot up her butt. Hannah shuddered and gasped.

With her thighs still pressed together, the liquid slowly pushed out of her leggings and pooled between her legs before flowing downward. She ran her fingers through this canal, grabbing warm wetness and returning it back up. Her leggings felt squishy and smooth. She grabbed her crotch and pulled on the leggings. She let them snap back onto her body with a smack, making her moan again. After much more time than Laura, she was finally done. Her bladder was bigger after all, she thought, holding on to this small victory in a defeat.

"That was... I don't know. Ugh", Laura moaned, smiling at Hannah, eyes still half-closed. "I have to rest", she said, throwing herself onto the couch and sitting straight up again. "Oh shit! I'm so sorry!"

"Yeah, I don't care. The sofa's washable. I had to do that anyway.", Hannah calmed her. She fell to the sofa too, her leggings glistening up again with the change of position. "Watch a movie and then call it a night? I'm exhausted", she murmured.

"Sounds like a plan. Frozen?", Laura said, smirking. Hannah agreed. They got comfortable and watched the movie. Each feeling their pants every now and then. When Elsa's famous scene came on, they looked at each other. They have waited for that moment. They both nodded. On cue, as Elsa shot out ice, they sang along and forcefully let it go again. Their panties were soaked once more. When the movie was over, they smiled at each other.

"Thanks for the night, Hannah", Laura said, hugging her friend. Their wet pants touched. Laura didn't feel the need to change before leaving, as her pants didn't show much wetness. She was looking forward to walking home in them, feeling the wetness with every step. Hannah undressed and got in her bed, only having rubbed herself dry with a towel, when she received a text from Laura:

Hannah? *knock knock*

Do you wanna pee your panties?

Come on, let's wet with me

I'm going to just let it flow

Inside my clothes

And watch you do the saame!

*006*2022-01-12 20:34

Here's Chapter 7. I tried to give Hannah some more back story and showed another aspect of her life. I'll take some time for the next chapter until I have some good ideas. Enjoy!

Chapter 7: I hate Mondays

On the Sunday following the holding contest, both girls had time to think. Laura, being a morning person, got up early and began her weekly washing. She handled the clothes from the last two days with extra care, occasionally sniffing them. Her red capris and black top from Friday smelled of lake water, her black capris and top from yesterday smelled of that tea-energy stuff from Hannah. She was surprised, no hints of pee at all. It must have been diluted so much, she thought. After the first washing cycle, Laura pulled her clothes out. She still hasn't got that washer/dryer combo, so she was stuck with two machines. When she grabbed her pants, now wet again, she touched and stroked them, feeling the wet fabric against her hands. She closed her eyes and thought about the last two evenings.

Hannah pressed the snooze button on her alarm clock five or six times, as always. She was the complete opposite of Laura when it came to waking up. Finally, she made herself get up, yawning every few seconds, and slouched across her bedroom. She had to wash her clothes too, but postponed it to the afternoon. Until then, she walked across her living room to clean up after yesterday. Luckily for her, most of the 24 palette of energy-tea was still full. She put it back into the fridge. She looked at her couch. No spots from yesterday were left, so she could get away with not cleaning it for another year or so. Hannah was thankful for every opportunity to be lazy, especially on Sundays. Finally, she started her washing. As she normally had very few items to wash, she didn't even own a dryer. After washing her clothes of the week, she hung them up one by one to let them air-dry. The display of various damp items of her wardrobe made her wonder.

After the last days, she found herself noticing some details that she did not care for before. Her jeans were darker than usual. Her long-sleeved white shirt was a bit transparent, letting the light from behind it shine through. Her bra glistened a bit. "Must have been the first time I washed it", she thought, chuckling. It's the big secret about bras, you normally don't wash them. Her sports bras were another thing of course, but they had no underwires and were basically tighter crop tops, so it wasn't as much of an issue. When she hung up yesterday's leggings, she felt the material. They were soft and pleasant to touch anyway, but when slightly wet, they felt even better.

The rest of their days was uneventful. Both needed to take a break, there was too much action the last two days. The weekend parted, Monday came around. Hannah was wakened by her alarm clock like a slap, even earlier than yesterday. She thought about Garfield a lot on Monday mornings, imagining the blissful and decadent life of a cat. Sadly, she was no cat. Even worse, she had a job. At least she had the pleasure of working in home office four days a week, including Mondays.

After her obligatory morning coffee, she dressed for work. Since she had video calls most days, she couldn't get away with comfortable weekend clothing. For today, she chose a pair of blue jeans and a black, tight fitting buttoned-down blouse. Under this relatively modest outfit, Hannah enjoyed wearing flashing underwear, like a secret second identity. She chose a matching set of a hot pink bra and panties. When she closed her blouse and pulled up her pants and shut the belt, tucking the blouse in, she checked herself out. "Business casual", she thought. She grew to like the professional look of herself, it gave her confidence. The blouse accented her toned arms and belly, the jeans were tight but not too sexy for work. She was ready for work.

When she sat down on her computer and started it up, she quickly summarized the day ahead of her. Nothing too bad today. Some project planning, some reading about new technologies, some budgeting. Hannah was content with her job of managing a team of system administrators. She was always interested in technology and decided to study computer science, just for kicks, because she had no better idea. The more she learned, the harder of challenges she faced, she grew sure that this should be her future.

After graduating, she got her current job. Hannah was never really shy or lacked self-confidence, but the first year was still hard for her. Suddenly, she had to lead a team of experienced and competent people and give them orders. She gave much thought on her clothing because of this, trying to appear strong and determined. She still had her fair share of imposter syndrome*, nonetheless, but most people she talked to did. That is why she dressed up in her business clothes, even if nobody saw her that day. She put her black-rimmed glasses on to complete the Business-Hannah™ look.

Hannah started her work. Some tasks were quick to complete, some took longer. She caught her thoughts wandering off. Early in the day, especially on Mondays, she had trouble concentrating. She thought about the rest of the energy drinks in her fridge. It always worked in gaming, didn't it? She got two cans and opened one. Drinking it in one go, she felt the sugar immediately take effect. After an hour of work, she opened the second can and sipped on it every now and then. After her lunch break, she continued, just having opened the third one. Now, she was pulled into her work and completely focused. She started noticing her bladder. Apart from helping her focus, she also grew to like the feeling of desperation after the last few days. When she was almost done with her current task, her legs were bobbing up and down. She had to go now. Just some more minutes. She started typing to let her boss know that she was done when-

*pling* "Hannah! Important! Call me ASAP! - Catherine"

Hannah opened her eyes widely. What does her boss want? And why did Cathy sign with "Catherine"? Did she do something wrong? She was getting nervous, thinking of the past few weeks, looking for clues. She started a video call, quickly brushing through her hair and sampling her smile in the camera. Her boss accepted within few seconds.

"Hey! Thanks for calling. We're in big trouble here.", Cathy said. Hannah gulped. "The healthcare guys from last week. The ten-thousand dollar project. They called me today. Apparently soomeonee", she made a dramatic pause, "forgot to check the backups on Friday and now they lost two full days of data. I thought the guy would kill me over the phone. We planned for this of course and the second backup worked, but it was still extremely embarrassing to hear this. It was Stan's job to do this and he screwed it up. Have a long, hard conversation with him and make him understand how big of a damage this could have been."

Hannah sighed. A Stan thing again. It wasn't the first fault that he did, not even the first one this month. She always tried to defend him, trying to be a fair team leader, but it started to wear off on her. "Wow. Okay. I'm really sorry this happened. I'll talk to him. You want to come too?", Hannah asked. She already started to plan her words for later on.

"No, can't do. This must be done immediately and I have to go pee like crazy since before the call. You do that. Just call be back when you're done. See ya!" *pling*

Hannah smiled at her boss's profile pic. "Hope you'll make it. Or not", she said with an evil grin. She quickly called Stan, putting a stern and bossy look on her face.

"Heyy Hannah", Stan said happily. He was always a bit too nice to her, but not dangerous.

"Hey. Stan. You know what happened?", Hannah said, with sharp, quick words. Stan didn't, of course. She explained to him what damage he caused.

"Oh no! I must have forgot that. But we still have second backups for this, right?", Stan said. He didn't appear to be too guilty or embarrassed by this.

"Well yeah, but they shouldn't be needed.", Hannah said. She hated Stan's tendency of always arguing about stuff like this. She felt her bladder again. She completely forgot that she was pretty desperate before her boss's call, but it all came back now. She shuddered. "But... but this can't be happening. Stan, you have to be more careful in the future. I have told you before." Hannah felt her bladder contract. She lost a spurt and felt her panties get wet. She tried to keep her stern look. She was glad the camera didn't show anything below her belly, as she could already see a tiny spot on her jeans.

"It wasn't my fault you know. I...", Stan continued to give excuses and lengthy explanations on why he did everything right. Hannah lost another spurt in the meantime. And another. She felt herself unable to counter Stan's excuses as she was too concentrated on not peeing her pants. She had enough, this was leading nowhere.

She took a deep breath and pushed. Not only relaxed, but pushed. She felt the pee shoot out of her, quickly drenching her panties. "Stan! Time-out! Listen to me", Hannah shouted, still peeing full-force. Her crotch was completely soaked now. The pee pooled on her chair and wet the entirety of her butt. "it was your fault and no one else's. You fix that and make sure it doesn't happen again!", she said. Stan was quiet and listening to her, nodding occasionally. Hannah continued to pee and scold him some more time. When she was done, she was also empty. She felt invincible, breathing heavily. Stan quickly apologized and left the call. Hannah succeeded. This time, he wouldn't forget her words, she thought. She quickly called her boss again, despite still sitting in her flooded jeans.

"So, you told him?", Cathy asked.

"I did. And something tells me that it worked this time.", Hannah said proudly, checking the camera's field of view occasionally.

"Great. Thanks for that. Oh and turns out I could have done it myself after all. It was too late as soon as you hang up." Cathy chuckled. Hannah gasped.

"Too late? You mean...", Hannah whispered.

"Yeah, exactly. I'm wearing a skirt though, so it's no big deal. But don't tell anyone. Accidents happen, you know.", Cathy said, making it sound like this wasn't the first time. Hannah started to like her boss more and more.

"I know. Okay then, see you.", Hannah said with a smile. The call ended. Hannah thought about her boss peeing her panties. She wondered if it really was an accident or deliberately. She looked down on her crotch, her jeans being absolutely soaked. She pushed again, thinking of her success of being in control. She made her jeans shine up again. Hannah had no intention of changing, as she didn't have much more work to do for the day and enjoyed the feeling. An hour later, she was finished. What a day. Without changing, she grabbed some more cans to drink and sat back down. Finally, she was free to play her online game again.

After some time, she felt her familiar feeling of being desperate again. She also lost her focus. Her legs bobbed up and down again. Missed. New try. Close... close... missed again. Hannah thought about her call today. Should she? Would it have the same effect? She had nothing to lose, so she decided to try it. On the next encounter, it got close again. Her health bar was low. Her bladder bursting. She pushed with all her might. When her in game character shot her spell, Hannah shot into her pants.

They quickly filled again, the wet spot that was still there from earlier glistened again and grew. Hannah did it, she and her team members finally finished the boss. The in game chat exploded. People congratulating each other. Saying how tough it was. Hannah hammered her usual "BRB" in, though she had no intention of going anywhere. She was feeling the same rush as earlier, breathing heavily, some drops of sweat forming on her forehead. She felt hot. Thinking about yesterday, she took the half-full can and observed it. Shook it. Slowly turned it upside down over her blouse.

A big gulp flowed out, hitting her blouse. It quickly soaked in, creating a wet, shiny spot on it. Her bra must have taken it all, she thought. She poured some more over herself. Finally, she felt the liquid slowly flow down her stomach. Hannah pulled on her belt a bit to help the flow, still slowly pouring more. She shuddered when the liquid finally touched the seam of her panties and continued inwards. The can was empty now. Hannah frowned. It was time to get back to the game, the time of her usual toilet break was over.

When she had enough some hours later, Hannah was reasonably full again. She decided to end the fun now and got up from her chair, the first time in hours. Normally the toilet breaks were guarantees to make her move, but she didn't have any today. She stretched herself, making her feel her wet blouse and bra. She quickly went over to the bathroom and stood in the shower. This time, it didn't feel strange, only exciting. Hannah wanted to get herself as wet as possible now. She pushed again while holding her crotch through the jeans. It created long, broad streaks down her legs. Hannah breathed more heavily. Her jeans got heavier again and pulled on her. She turned the shower head on and soaked the few remaining parts of her jeans.

When she went up to her blouse, she first followed the wet streaks of her energy drink upwards and then soaking the rest of it. The black fabric glistened and felt clingy and tight on her skin. Hannah started massaging her boobs and belly, caressing the wet fabric and her body underneath. She slowly opened her belt and pants and dropped them. Her hot pink panties looked much darker now than when she put them on in the morning. Hannah looked at them intently, marveling at their color change and slight glistening. She quickly unbuttoned her blouse, one by one, starting from the top. Her matching hot pink bra had discolored in the same way. With her opened, soaking wet blouse hanging from her shoulders, Hannah massaged herself through her panties.

Afterwards, Hannah undressed the rest of her clothing and got out of the shower. She hung them up and looked at herself, completely naked. Before putting fresh clothes on for the evening, she texted Laura:

"Mondays aren't always bad How was yours?"

*Imposter syndrome: That invasive feeling that you are not at all competent or fit for the job, you only got there by luck or accident.

*008*2022-01-17 23:16

Finally got an idea for another chapter. A fantasy I long wanted to write into a story. Enjoy

Chapter 8: Fountain Fun

The air flared on the asphalt. Few people walked around. Those who did moved slowly, efficiently, avoiding any unnecessary motions in the heat. Some birds gathered around a dropped ice cream cone. Laura watched the scenes from her favorite café. Looking at the heated-up city made her smile. Summer was always her favorite season. She watched people through her tinted wayfarer sunglasses which gave everything an even warmer look, as if it wasn't warm enough already. She sipped on her iced coffee. A pleasant cooling flowed into her body. One of the things Laura liked about summer was the kinds of outfits people wore. She saw women in hot pants and crop tops, men in shorts and shirts with dangerously deep v-necks. Two women her age with ice cream cones, wearing colorful sundresses that caressed their bodies with every step.

Her sunglasses allowed her to shamelessly observe people without them knowing. Laura enjoyed her day off with her favorite summer activity: Hanging around in the city, doing nothing. In this kind of heat, she likes her long brown hair in a single, thick braid to keep her head cool. She felt a welcomed breeze on her legs. She wore her black skater skirt and a short pair of black tights underneath, combined with a thin, light blue tank top. Her preferred summer-in-the-city outfit. A combination of playful, relaxed and a bit sexy, but not too much.

While occasionally sipping on her iced coffee, Laura thought about the past few days. How incredible it felt to finally let loose after being desperate for hours. How she won against Hannah, despite having the smaller bladder. How sexy Hannah looked when she finally peed her leggings... Her thoughts trailed off. When she finally finished her drink, she paid and got up. She felt her thighs stick to the café chair. One of the lesser pleasant things of wearing a skirt in the summer. Laura wandered around in the city. She had no goal, she enjoyed wandering. Observing other people. She soon began to feel the heat get to her.

Her boobs and armpits started to sweat. She felt her grey bra absorbing it and rubbing on her skin. Her grey panties started to feel a bit sweaty too. Would it be better without the short tights underneath the skirt? It certainly would let more air to her crotch, she thought. But Laura also knew that she had no, and had no intention of having, a thigh gap, so she would have a rash within five steps of walking in this kind of weather. She had to endure the sweat slowly creeping up inside her panties. Some time after, Laura started noticing some underboob sweat that gave her light blue top a small darkened patch. She longed for refreshment and cooling off. To make matters worse, she also started noticing the effect of the iced coffee.

The slight feeling of desperation put a smile on her face. Before the past few days, Laura would have started looking for a toilet now, as she knew about her small bladder. Instead, she thought to herself that she'll probably sweat it out anyway. To avoid dehydration, she got herself a bottle of water from a kiosk and continued her wandering. When you look for it, you'll notice many people sweating. Some showing it more, some less. It is highly dependent on the type of clothing. Laura saw some people in sport clothes without the slightest hints.

No surprise there. She saw a delivery woman in a tan uniform, carrying packages around, walking fast. She noticed obvious patches of sweat on her back. Poor woman, Laura thought. In a glimpse, Laura also noticed a small dark patch between the delivery woman's legs. Was it sweat? It must be, right? What else could it be? Laura felt a tingle. The woman had to rush off before Laura could take a second glance. She thought a bit more about what she saw. Imagining that it was in fact not sweat. That the woman was desperate to pee but in a rush, while also feeling sweaty. Laura was not at all in a rush, but still a bit desperate. She had to chuckle about herself. "Normal people would go to the toilet now", she thought. How lame would that be.

On her stroll, Laura headed to a small park. She suddenly had a target and an idea what to do. The park's main attraction was a moderately big set of fountains on the floor. Each small fountain started and stopped periodically and reached about as high as her belly. "Thank god it's a school day", Laura thought. Not a single child or annoying mother in sight. Only some teens, probably skipping school, driving around the fountains with their bikes to cool off. Laura approached the fountain. She immediately felt the mist surrounding it. Finally, a bit of chill on this hot sweaty day. Laura put her feet over one of the weaker fountains.

She wore flip flops, so she could feel the water directly between her toes. She shuddered a bit. The sudden chilling surprised her. She cooled her hands off in the same way. Although very pleasant in the heat, the cooling amplified her bladder's needs. Laura still enjoyed the feeling in her bladder, she even slightly pressed on it to feel it more. As the cooling quickly disappeared and the heat came back, she started to walk around the fountain a bit. Slowly, precisely. She planned her route to get herself a bit wet, but not too much. The seam of her skirt got a bit wet and clung to her skin. Some drops landed on her top, each creating a small, dark blue spot on it.

Laura looked at herself. It was far from the first time that she intentionally got her clothes wet in the summer to cool off, but this time it wasn't only for cooling off. She touched her skirt and pulled it from her skin. It felt heavier than before. She wanted more. She changed her route to catch more of the higher fountains. Her skirt got wetter and wetter and started to glisten in the sun. Her top lost more and more dry spots. As her grey bra got darker, it started to slightly shine through her top. Laura wanted to touch herself, feel her wet clothes, but she had to restrain herself. Not in public. She felt her bladder again. She was getting really desperate now, feeling the familiar tingle in her crotch that advertised a soon-to-come spurt. She excitedly waited for it, continuing her stroll through the fountain. When it came, Laura gasped a bit.

Although her skirt was completely drenched by now, her tights kept the wetness away. Her already sweat-dampened panties received some more fluid from inside now. Laura waited for the next spurt, knowing it will not take long. She spurted again, quickly contracting her bladder and touching her legs to prolong the sensation. She felt a drop escape her tights and slowly trickle down her thigh. She wanted to release now. She wanted to fully pee her panties and tights, shoot into them like the fountains. She looked for a fountain that was around mid-level and rising and stepped directly over it with her legs open.

When she felt the water rising between her legs, tickling her thighs, she stopped clenching her bladder and pushed. What she felt now was nothing she ever felt before. While peeing full-force into her panties, the fountain shot against her tights and drenched them from the outside. She felt like shooting her own fountain against the one on the floor, her poor panties being in the middle and getting drenched by both sides. She had to lean on her legs to keep standing up. Forcefully wetting yourself is hard work, she thought.

When the fountain subsidized, Laura was starting to feel empty too. Her stream slowed down, soon to be only a trickle. She pushed again, forcing one last spurt into her panties. She was dripping wet now, head to toe. Her breaths were short and heavy when she slowly remembered where she was. She looked around. Did someone saw her? Nobody seemed to question her cooling off, some let themselves get wet too. She met eyes with a guy her age, sitting on a bench. He smiled and winked at her. Does he suspect something? He couldn't, could he? Nobody could tell she just forcefully and completely peed her panties for a while. Laura started to leave the fountain, her skirt sticking to her thighs, and walked away.

Her now dark-blue tank top clung to her belly and her bra caressed her boobs with every step. Apart from her expected pleasure, it was actually pretty nice to walk around in wet clothes, having them cool her body constantly. While walking around, Laura tried to push every once in a while to keep her panties from drying too quickly. Once re-wet, she felt better and continued her stroll. Her top and skirt were getting dry surprisingly quickly in the sun, while her tights and panties constantly moved between slightly damp and completely drenched all the way back to her car. When Laura arrived, her top and skirt were completely dry. She sat down in her car and felt her wet underwear again. A feeling she enjoyed all the way back home. When she closed her apartment's door, she took out her phone. Hannah wrote that Mondays are not always bad. Laura replied:

Yeah, and hot days in the city aren't always dry

*009*2022-01-18 13:14

As a side note: I have yet to decide on the big picture of this story. How it will go on and how the characters will develop. So I'm open to and thankful for suggestions. I guess the series will allow me to create short, independent episodes (think of a week where Hannah and Laura don't meet until the weekend).

*010*2022-02-04 19:02

After way too much time, I finally wrote another chapter. This one introduces some yuri (yes, finally). I'm not sure if I will try to keep a stringent story or convert this to independent episodes. Or do something completely different. Let's see what the future brings. Enjoy

Chapter 9: Made to get wet

"In 500 meters, turn left"

Hannah followed the orders of her car's GPS, it was always right. Only about half an hour left to their destination. Hannah and Laura looked forward to this day all week, they finally took a trip to the lake again. When they were younger, they often spent hot summer days here, swimming and relaxing. Of course, back then they always wore proper swimming attire and, if anything, got their clothes wet by wearing them over their wet swimwear. Most of the time though, they dried in the sun before leaving. Today, they suspected it may be different.

Laura relaxed on the passenger's seat smiling. She decided to wear her red capri pants from their initial wet experience again and combined them with a light-gray long sleeved top. Underneath, she wore her default plain black bikini. Her typical beach outfit also included black-rimmed wayfarers. Through the tinted glass, she looked at her friend. Hannah wore short jeans and a slim fitting white t-shirt. Laura could spot Hannah's signature red one-piece bathing suit underneath. Hannah was always more of the one-piece type, she didn't trust bikinis. She also liked how her curves and muscles were hinted at, but not directly shown. When Hannah got dressed this morning, she remembered always somehow subconsciously liking the feeling of wet fabric on her skin, even if the bathing suit's polyamide fibers were not as sticky as cotton.

"Can you pass me the bottle?", Hannah said. They brought several big bottles of water as it was going to be a hot day. Laura reached for the bottle and gave it to her. Hannah took a few big gulps and gave it back.

"Already filling up, huh? Do you maybe have some... intentions for today?", Laura said with a big grin. She drank some water too.

"I have no idea what you're talking about. Surely you don't mean anything involving pee where it doesn't belong.", Hannah said with a sarcastic, innocent voice.

"That's up for debate, I guess. Where does pee belong and where doesn't it? Also, which types of clothes are to be wet and which aren't? Take my top for example", Laura said with a seductive voice. "Should it be considered swim wear? It surely isn't made to get... wet. Oops!" She poured a small amount of water from the bottle on her stomach, her top instantly soaking it all in and discoloring to a dark grey. Hannah looked over and gasped.

"Hey! I have to concentrate on the road and you're making it real hard for me. Looks pretty hot, by the way.", Hannah said, trying to keep her eyes straight. Finally, they arrived. The small patch on Laura's top already dried. When they got out of the air conditioned car, they were hit by a wall of hot and humid summer air. They were glad to have brought so much to drink. After about ten minutes of walking from the parking lot to a secluded spot, carrying heavy bags, they were both starting to get sweaty already. Laura's top started to show some dark patches under her arms and boobs. Hannah observed a small, but slowly growing wet spot on Laura's back. They spread their blankets and sat down, deeply exhaling as if they just ran a marathon.

As always, Laura started noticing her bladder before Hannah. When she told her, Hannah had a mischievous look on her face and convinced Laura to wait some more time. She also opened another two bottles of water for Laura and herself. Laura happily drank, hoping it would cool her off a bit. Hannah's jeans and white shirt did a great job of hiding evidence of sweat, but Hannah still felt it. Her crotch felt warm and sweaty, especially under her swimsuit. It wasn't unpleasant to her at this moment, though. After some time of relaxing in the sun, Hannah sat up.

"Yeah, I'm feeling it too. I think I have to pee now. But I'm too lazy to get up... What should I do now, Laura?", Hannah said expectantly.

"Oh, I don't know. I guess you'll have to hold it. I'm not sure if there is another option... Or is it?", Laura answered in a slow, deep voice.

"I think there is. It involves me just spreading my legs and relaxing... aaah.", Hannah said. A dark spot appeared between her legs, quickly spreading downwards. It started to pool on their blanket, as it had some waterproof coating to prevent wetness from creeping upwards. It worked both ways, apparently. Hannah peed for a long time, slowly, enjoying every moment. Laura watched her friend continuously. Hannah looked incredibly hot at this moment, Laura thought, with her hands on the ground, supporting her upper body, legs spread, hips slightly rotated upwards. When Hannah was finally done, she sighed. "That was great!"

"I guess that settles the question where pee does and does not belong. Our clothes will get wet anyway, right? I'm really curious to see my red pants get wet in the daylight now. Let me just.... aah" Laura said, slightly pressing to get the flow going. When it started, it quickly created a dark spot on her pants, her bikini bottom avoiding any effort to obstruct the flow. She could start to see the black bottom shine through her pants, adding to the darkness of the wet fabric.

She put her hands on her crotch as if she tried to hold herself, only that she had no intention of stopping the flow. It quickly started to flow through her fingers. Laura rubbed her hands upwards, spreading the wetness across the front of her crotch. Soon, the wet spot was big enough to clearly show the seams of her bikini bottom. Thanks to the water-resistant blanked, the water pooled under her butt and fully soaked it too. When Laura was done, she slightly moved her hips up and down, left to right, to feel the pool of pee she created.

"Wow, these pants look even better in the daylight. And it felt absolutely fantastic. Even though cotton underwear still feels a bit better than my bikini. But polyamide will dry faster", Laura said, already sounding like a distinguished wetting connoisseur.

"Everything dries faster in the sun, even my jeans. Also, I don't care. With these temperatures, the wet clothes feel great. I'm going for a swim, care to join me?", Hannah said, promptly getting up and walking towards the water. She had no intention of undressing her jeans or t-shirt. Laura waited for her friend to finally get up, so she quickly followed. They both took some steps into the water up until the water touched the seams of their pants.

"You know what? I think I still have some left. Give me a sec...", Hannah said, visibly concentrating. Soon after, some streaks appeared on her jeans and the already big spot on her crotch spread downwards. "Okay, now I'm ready." Laura did the same. She grabbed her crotch through her pants and, with a slight rubbing, produced some more water too. Not as much, sadly, but still enough to create some streaks down her pants. Hannah suddenly started splashing water at Laura. Her left leg and arm got soaked, both turning darker. It was especially visible on Laura's grey top.

"Hey!", Laura shouted. It's not that she didn't like it, quite the opposite. She enjoyed the sensation of the wet long sleeve on her arm and the pant leg sticking to her skin. It was a welcomed refreshment in this hot weather. Of course, she had to act as if she wanted revenge. So she threw a bigger splash at Hannah. She hit her complete lower half, soaking the front of her jeans. Laura instantly took another splash, higher this time. She hit Hannah's t-shirt. It was drenched instantly and turned completely transparent, giving Laura a full look at Hannah's red bathing suit underneath. Hannah quickly reacted by splashing Laura again, this time soaking her other half and most of her upper body.

The grey fabric of her top turned into a consistent dark grey and glistened in the sun. Laura's bikini top began to show underneath, having the seams poke through the thin, clingy fabric of her top. Laura looked as if her top was shrink-wrapped around her regular bathing outfit. Her pants looked similar, giving a clear look at her bikini bottoms. Hannah liked what she saw, she was reminded of their first wet evening when Laura emerged from the pond in the same pair of pants. The girls splashed around, dunked each other and not before long, there wasn't a spot of their skin or clothes left dry. When Laura tried to grab Hannah to throw her into the water, Hannah grabbed her hand. They looked at each other and came closer.

"Remember when I helped you out of the water? Your butt felt pretty nice in those wet pants. Mind if I feel it again?", Hannah said. Laura gestured to go ahead, being slightly nervous. Hannah slowly moved her hands into the water and behind Laura's back. She softly caressed Laura's butt and grabbed it a bit. She commented on how nice it felt, even better than she remembered. Laura felt a tingle, it aroused her to have her friend caress her wet clothes.

"Now I want to know how your wet jeans feel. Do you mind?", Laura said softly. Of course, Hannah didn't mind. Laura moved her hands towards her but started touching Hannah's thighs on the front. Hannah gasped. She wasn't expecting this from her usually shy friend. Laura kept eye contact while slowly working her way upwards, finally reaching Hannah's crotch. "So... do you happen to have anything left that you could... share with me?", Laura said seductively.

"Uhm... I... I think so, yeah. Sh... should I just let it flow?", Hannah stuttered. Laura nodded slowly with a big smile, still keeping eye contact. Hannah was nervous. Excited. Aroused. Aroused? She was surprised by herself. "O... okay... Wait for it... Oh my, here it comes", Hannah moaned. She pushed and gave her best to get as much pee as possible through her pants into Laura's hand. After a few seconds, Laura started to feel it.

"Wow. It feels amazing. So warm", Laura said. She started softly caressing Hannah's crotch. When the event was over, Laura gave Hannah a last stroke and removed her hand. "That was awesome. What do you think?"

"I... It... It felt amazing to pee into your hand", Hannah struggled for words. After catching a breath, Laura nodded towards the shore.

"What do you think, should we get out?", Laura said. Hannah agreed. They moved towards the shore. With every step, a bit more of their soaking wet bodies emerged from the water and was promptly inspected by the other. When they were fully out and reached their sitting spot, Hannah smiled.

"You look pretty sexy, you know? The way your body is caressed by those tight, dripping clothes", Hannah said. Laura blushed a bit.

"What should I say? Look at you. That red bathing suit looks amazing on you anyway, but with this white t-shirt and your jeans over it, it's just breathtaking", Laura said.

They lay down on their blankets, still looking at each other. The sun was burning, but their wet clothes gave a perfect refreshment. Sadly, it didn't take too long for their clothes to dry again. As they thought it was well enough sun for a day, they decided to start heading home. Before that, they changed from their bathing suits into regular clothes. They both perfected the technique of holding a big towel around themselves, undressing and redressing without having anyone see anything. A pretty useful skill for a public beach. Hannah changed into matching red panties and a red bra, Laura changed into grey panties and a black bra. Over that, they wore their regular clothes from before again. They packed up and headed to Hannah's car. After waiting some time to have the air conditioning cool down the car, they left and headed home.

"We're expecting about an hour of delay, please provide an emergency lane. Back to the news."

"That sucks. But at least I'm not alone and we can pass the time together", Hannah said. It was one of those traffic jams where nothing moved. "When I think about it, it reminds me of that traffic jam I told you about. Only that it's not raining now. And what a coincidence, of course I have to pee again."

"Me too. But we can't pee in the car, it would ruin the seats. Even if I am really tempted...", Laura said. She saw a flash in Hannah's eyes. In a swift motion, Hannah reached behind her and got two big plastic bags from under the seat.

"Thank god I don't clean my car very often. These have been under my seat forever. And I'm having a feeling they could become handy now", Hannah winked. She put one bag on her seat, sat on it and gave the other one to Laura who did the same. "Now the seats are protected. Nothing to stand in your way."

"Do you really think I should? What if it drips off?", Laura said.

"Yeah, I don't care. It's a car after all. Just relax and let it... what are you doing?", Hannah gasped. Laura grabbed her hand and put it on her crotch, slightly pressing it.

"If I do it, you should have the pleasure of feeling the same I felt from you earlier. Now I'll just relax and...", Laura said. Hannah was excited and held on to Laura's crotch. Finally, she felt her hand get warm and wet, she saw a small dark spot appear yet again on Laura's red pants. But Laura suddenly stopped. As Hannah expected this was all she had, she was surprised that Laura opened her pants and took Hannah's hand again. This time, she put it inside her pants, shoving it a bit.

Laura gasped when she felt Hannah's fingers on the wet spot of her panties. She pushed again and let some more out. Hannah was getting more excited and started slowly moving her fingers around the hot spring in Laura's pants. She felt the pee shoot through her fingers and disappear into Laura's red pants, increasing the size of the wet spot and the puddle underneath her. When she was done, Hannah slowly removed her hand from Laura's pants. Intuitively, she rubbed her wet hand on her own jeans. She now had a full look on Laura's soaked crotch, the dark red pants and her dark grey, glistening panties.

"That was amazing. Now I see why you did it earlier. Okay, my turn now. I'm losing it any minute, anyway", Hannah said. She quickly opened her jeans and showed her red underwear. Hannah tried to let it out slowly, feeling every drop flow into her panties and then overflowing into her jeans, slowly making it's way down to her butt, but she had to go too bad. The trickle soon turned into a steady flow. Hannah pushed her legs together and watched the water level rise between her legs. It created streaks on her jeans. Soon, her red panties turned completely dark again and felt warm and wet all the way. When she was done, she closed her jeans again.

While the traffic jam moved slowly, both girls continued to drink as much as possible and peed into their pants whenever they felt the need. Hannah had fun by first holding it and then forcefully peeing, creating an audible hiss. Laura preferred to let some pee out continuously, sometimes with her hand holding onto her crotch to make it spread as much as possible.

When they reached regular driving speed again, they were nearly disappointed. After a short rest of the drive, they reached Hannah's home. Both girls looked at each other, simultaneously happy about the day, but sad that it has to end now. Hannah took a deep breath, took Laura's hand, looked into her eyes and said:

"Maybe... you want to stay for the night?"

