School Mode; Bladder-Busting Academy! Purely Desperate Souls!

Author: PuppyDog230

*000*2021-02-26 11:14

(Wanted to write a fic like this for a while now! A friend of mine talked about it with me. I'll definitely make this into a series with more characters and scenarios, but at the moment this was partially to see if I could still write good desperation because I haven't written something like this in a good long while

Also I like to think you can enjoy this series without any prior fandom knowledge!)

An elusive and exclusive prep school loomed over the city, surrounded by trees and casting its shadow down onto the remainder of the buildings. Once the school was open for all elite high-school students who were hand-picked by the staff themselves to continue cultivating their talents and graduate with honors and a headstart on life, but due to recent events, certain aspects of the school had to be changed. Now only a former class lives in the school, keeping it as their permeant place of residence until further notice. Things are not all bad and dreary for them. In one universe, they get taken advantage of and picked off one by one, and in another, they find a way out and contribute to society. In this universe, however, things are good, but decidedly more wet.

###

A blonde pigtailed woman sat at her array of computers, sighing in boredom to herself, resting her head on her hand. "Ugh, why won't they get off my case! How many times do I gotta send them videos?!" Junko groaned. "Even someone like myself can only wet themselves a certain amount of times a week before it just gets dull!" She stood up and instead focused her attention on the security camera feeds, showing all the rooms of the school as well as her various beloved classmates, going about their days.

"I wish they could be good for something," Most of them were doing stuff that were boring her to tears; eating, reading, exercising, chatting, typical teenage stuff. Still...Junko recalled the various pieces of information one learned scouring the web as much as she did. Her classmates weren't as innocent as they appeared to be, and if there was one thing she knew from her favourite omorashi site on the whole Internet, it was that people loved seeing celebrities wet themselves! And she had an entire class full of celebrities! And what could cause a celebrity more despair than wetting themselves on television?!

She drooled starting to think about it and sat back down at her computer, typing some things out and changing some aspects of her clothing. She still needed to look the part of Junko Enoshima, sultry yet innocent fashion model, the part her sister was currently playing while she kept things in order from behind-the-scenes. Junko laughed to herself as she continued thinking about it. Making her classmates participate in some of her omorashi fantasies....it was more despairful than she could possibly bear!

###

"Mornin' everyone!" Junko smiled politely, giving a peace-sign as she walked into the cafeteria with a tray full of drinks. Her classmates nodded at her presence even as she started to serve them. Luckily, her sister was nowhere in sight so she could easily put her plan into motion without any confusion from her class. A few of the more observant ones gave her more suspicious glances but still picked out their drink. She smirked to herself; she had spiked them all with powerful diuretics! Just to speed the process along, of course.

Her next question was who to follow? She had her phone camera ready, she had fifteen possible choices...who would it be? The people on those omorashi forums all had different tastes and Junko knew she could only pick one classmate for the day....so many options though. From her daily and nightly camera sessions she knew she had different options; one was a bedwetter, two liked to pee outside, one had a small bladder, one had a desperation kink, one liked bladder-play, one had a 'peeing in uniforms' kink, the list went on.

"Enoshima-chan? Want to hang out with me today? I was going to sing some karaoke!" Sayaka asked cheerfully, making Junko nod.

She would do nicely.

"Of course! Lemme just put down my tray," Junko did so and followed after Sayaka, staring at her. She committed her look to memory; her long blue hair kept neat by hair clips, her smell of cherry blossoms, her thin yet muscular figure, her cute and simple blue schoolgirl outfit with black thigh-highs, and her large breasts. She looked like a perfect pop idol; fitting for being the Ultimate Idol, and anyone who knew their celebrity tidbits knew she was a hot commodity both on and off the forums.

Yes, perfect for her first target.

The two girls headed up to the music room and Junko hung back as she watched Sayaka set up the karaoke machine, smiling breezily. "What shall we sing? One of my songs?" She teased.

"We can sing whatever," Junko shrugged and took a microphone.

"Alright! Then I'll pick something!" A cheery pop tune blasted through the speakers and Sayaka danced a bit in tune, making her skirt swish. "Do you know this one?"

"Of course I do! What kind of a fashionista would I be if I didn't know popular songs?!" It was the truth, they always played stuff like this whenever she strutted down the runway. It wasn't bad, just overplayed to her.

Sayaka smiled and started singing, nice and cool the way an idol was expected to. She swung her hips around. Junko joined in, keeping an eye on Sayaka. Her analytical side started to come out as she recalled Sayaka drinking two cups of tea at breakfast, two servings of diuretics! She surely wouldn't be long now.

Of course, no omorashi fan worth her salt would possibly dare to partake in such an elaborate scheme without including herself! What would be more despair-inducing than your classmates wetting themselves in front of you? You wetting yourself in front of your classmates! Naturally, Junko filled herself up on five cups of tea before she made her classmates' drinks, knowing part of the fun of omorashi wasn't just watching people be desperate and wet themselves, it was also being desperate and wetting yourself!

She heard Sayaka get tripped up a bit and looked over, finding her bent over slightly and still trying to sing, wincing a bit.

"Hmmmm? Is something wrong?" Junko asked cutely. "You can tell me 'cuz we're both girls!"

"It's nothing." Sayaka tried to smile before she winced again. "Let's finish this song,"

"If ya say so!" Even Junko could feel her own bladder starting to fill, nothing major but enough to notice. But would she actually wet herself? Or maybe she'd make it while Sayaka was stuck and had no choice but to pee herself! Oh the despair! Or maybe she'd wet herself and make Sayaka even more desperate! Decisions, decisions!

Once the song finished, Sayaka moved to switch it to another, only to wince and let out a quiet gasp. Junko pretended to stare at her red nails but secretly watched Sayaka, who had bent over and tightly crossed her legs, a hand on her front.

"Sure you're okay?" She asked cutely once again.

"Well..." Sayaka stood up straight and looked around before stepping closer. "Don't tell anyone else, but," She played with her hair slightly. "I have a really small bladder. Everything I drink goes right through me! I was hoping I could've sung some more beforehand, but..."

Junko smirked to herself. "Come on, it's not anything to be ashamed of! We're all the best of friends in here! Let's keep singing!"

"Alright," Sayaka tried to focus on singing the next song, clearly one of her faves, but her dancing was less cutesy and more desperate as she bounced from foot to foot, her heels clacking on the floor. She anxiously tugged on the bottom of her skirt and squirmed around.

"Ya know, nobody's around....you could very easily go in something," Junko suggested, starting to feel her own need. "I gotta go too,"

"There's a bathroom on this floor, isn't there?" Sayaka tried to remember before pouting. "No...I don't think so,"

"Why does that matter? It's like ya said, we're both girls here, and all of us are friends on top of that!" Junko subtly pulled out her camera phone.

"Still...I'm an idol, I can't risk something like that," Sayaka seemed utterly uninterested in finishing their karaoke session, instead hugging herself tightly and trembling, her face pale. She tightly crossed her legs together and rested her back against the wall, squirming around.

Junko found herself wondering why Sayaka didn't just hoof it to the bathroom. There was nothing stopping her, she very easily could...was it possible Sayaka was more kinky than Junko originally pegged her as? She wasn't the one with a desperation kink, but she clearly was into something, otherwise she wouldn't keep this up, right?

Oh well. More desperation for her!

As she filmed, she felt her own need grow and subtly pulled down her super-short skirt, trying to hide it from Sayaka as best as she could. Actually, why did she care if Sayaka could see her or not?! She wanted Sayaka to see her predicament!

Thus, she rubbed her knees together and kept her phone hidden, faking a wince.

"Oh no, you have to go too? Let's go to the third floor, I know for a fact they have bathrooms there!" Sayaka grabbed Junko's arm suddenly without warning and dragged her off, nearly making her lose her grip on her phone. The two girls ran together until they reached the third floor, Sayaka gasping in surprise when she saw the girls' was closed for cleaning. "But how? We're the only ones here!" She bounced up and down.

"What a stroke of bad luck!" Junko gasped fakely, knowing her sister had set that up earlier to help her in her scheme. Though she supposed that would just ruin her own plan as well. "Maybe you could use the boys'!"

"No way!" Sayaka tightly held herself then, both hands clutching her blue skirt tightly. "There has to be something else...since I have a small bladder..." She took off running again and Junko ran after her, still filming her. The two ran until they reached the kitchen, Sayaka slightly out-of-breath. She looked around. "Can you keep an eye out?"

"Sure, whatever," Junko stood near the door but had no intention of keeping an eye out for anyone. She pulled her phone out now that Sayaka had her back turned and filmed more clearly.

Sayaka continued to hold herself tightly as she very slowly eased herself onto the sink counter, rolling up her skirt and pulling down her pink panties adorned with a bow, adjusting her stance. A few seconds later, she started to pee loudly into the metal sink, covering her face as it splattered down the drain. Junko noticed she kept her legs open ever-so-slightly to tease the briefest view of a stream and zoomed in on it with her camera, rubbing her knees together as the loud sound made her own need more urgent. Sayaka sighed in relief and redressed herself after the sound died down, jumping off the sink with grace.

"So...." Junko began, hiding her camera again.

"Since I have a small bladder, I'm used to peeing in strange places. You can't be picky in circumstances like that, you know?" Sayaka answered with a thoughtful expression. Junko felt as though it was something more than that, because why else would she deliberately avoid an actual toilet and pee in the sink instead? Whatever, it mattered little! She had some good content for her forum! "Want to finish singing? Did you want to go before we do?"

"Nah, I'm going back to my room. I'm done. Byebye!" She waved, dashing off. Sayaka waved back in slight confusion, wondering about the sudden urgency in Junko's character. She walked back up to the music room herself and started to put the karaoke machine away.

###

In her surveillance room, Junko grinned to herself as she uploaded the video to her forum, twirling her chair around as she read the replies, almost all positive, as she expected. Who didn't want to see a cute and innocent idol being desperate and then shamelessly peeing in a sink like that? Still, Sayaka was one person out of an entire class. If Junko wanted to keep this attention and praise up, she'd need to tap into all their omorashi kinks and do so as subtly as possible. Sayaka was easy-peasy but she knew the others wouldn't bite as easily.

Still, that was a problem for another day. She loved all of her classmates so much, she didn't mind who she spent the next day with! Easygoing Makoto? Domineering Celestia? Shy Chihiro? Boisterous Aoi?

The options were up to her fabulous forum friends....

*004*2021-02-27 23:34

{{3 hours ago, Manticore said:

Great alternate reality story. Would love to see Junko take part in a competition with Aoi. It could maybe involve the olympic swimming pool in hopes peak. I always thought Aoi was above average in all her physical abilities, bladder included. Lots of water plus Aoi's competitive swimming nature and I'm sure it could lead to a good forum post. I would also love to see Junko, the scheming evil woman that she is, get desperate and end up in one of the situations she's putting her classmates in.

Thanks for writing, looking forward to more!

}}

I definitely have plans for Aoi, don't worry! And I also planned on having Junko lose an endurance contest at some point because one of her classmates has a massive desperation kink and can outlast a vast majority of their own class without much effort. I thought it'd cause her so much despair to lose to them! Who is it? A secret for now but I'll say this...it's not someone you'd expect to have such a high endurance or strong bladder.

*005*2021-02-28 11:26

(I was really surprised by how much this blew up! So I decided to revamp the tags a bit to give everyone a much better idea of what they can expect from this series going forward, but for this particular part/chapter, the only relevant tags are female desperation/wetting, peeing into glasses, bladder-play/bathroom play, and some bondage)

Junko was absolutely elated! Her escapades with Sayaka were a huge hit on the omorashi forum and for a week she was the talk of the site! People just couldn't believe a cute and innocent idol who made her reputation based on her pure, girl-next-door looks and persona could be so shameless! And so happy about it!

Still, Sayaka was only one classmate. Her video was good for a week, but after a week had passed, people had moved onto other things and some asked Junko for new content. Content Junko was more than happy to provide, but she needed a target just as good as Sayaka. After all, she just mainly liked to pee into things that one shouldn't pee in, and anyone could do that and get a couple hundred views. She wanted to branch out and find a classmate with more specific tastes that belonged to them and only them. Telling her sister to go away before breakfast again, she dressed simply and gave everyone the usual diuretic drink set once more, trying to pick out a good target. Still, none seemed to present themselves. The cafeteria emptied out and Junko was left to sit alone, at least until the clack of red heels caught her attention.

"Celestia-san!" She greeted cheerfully. "Mornin'!"

Celestia said nothing, just stared with her piercing red eyes. She had long black curly hair in pigtails and wore an elaborate Gothic Lolita ensemble. She always claimed her name was Celestia Ludenberg but Junko was great at detecting liars and that sounded like a huge pack of them to her. Still, a target was a target, and who was she to reject one who just offered themselves up to her?

"A little birdy told me you are looking around the school for peers who are into desperation play. I suppose I could be of some assistance?" She asked coolly in her heavy French accent and archaic Japanese.

"No way, I totes know who is into what!" She waved Celestia off.

"No. I meant...I would like to offer myself up. Doing such a thing has fascinated me for quite some time but I have never gotten the chance to properly experiment. However, I hope that will change today. Meet me in my room in an hour," Celestia then walked off, leaving Junko alone.

Ah, yes. Spending the day with Celestia, the notorious Queen of Liars. Anything she was into was bound to be interesting, yet shouldn't be wandered into blindly. Luckily, Junko never had to worry about walking into things blindly, she had her twin sister for that!

###

An hour later, just as promised, Celestia opened her dorm door to behold Junko standing there with another girl who looked a lot like her but with noticeable physical differences. "Right on time. Who is she?" She asked as Junko pushed her way into the darkly-decorated and extravagant room.

"My older sister, Mukuro! Pay no mind to her though. Anything you gotta do, do to her!" Junko explained happily.

"Oh," Celestia blinked. "Well, it matters little who I do this with as long as they are a person and preferably female. I may be straight but women are easier to play with, would you not agree?"

"Totally!"

Mukuro just sat on Celestia's bed uneasily, letting Celestia look her over. She was bony and pale where her sister was voluptuously and buxom, with a cute sprinkling of freckles, short black hair, and nebulous purple eyes. She was dressed in a simple white blouse and pleated brown skirt, black dress shoes and kneesocks. Plain and uninteresting, but it mattered little to Celestia. When she did her thing, the person's physical appearance didn't matter. What mattered was their endurance and pride and determination.

"Drink this. What kind of a hostess would I be if I did not offer my guests some refreshments?" Celestia held out two fanciful goblets of wine, making Mukuro frown.

"Uh, we're not-"

"Who cares?! It's just some wine!" Junko slugged her arm before taking her own drink. Mukuro drank hers down quickly, but Junko just sipped and feigned like she was drinking. What was Celestia's game? She had a very vague idea of what she liked, but that was it. She could observe, but that would take some time. Best to keep her wits about her. It wasn't being drunk she was worried about, it was being defenseless around Celestia, who was easily one of the smarter members of their class, as well as ruthless and manipulative.

Celestia ended up pouring Mukuro three more glasses, then took the empty cups and stacked them nicely on top of each other in a shape of a pyramid.

"Now then, why don't we kill some time? I would very much love to play some games with one of you. It is delightful to match wits with one as smart as I," She then smiled politely, and Junko shoved Mukuro off the bed.

"What will we play?" Mukuro asked blankly.

"Whatever I want, and at the moment I feel like some chess shall suit us nicely,"

Mukuro just nodded and helped Celestia set up the chess board, while Junko laid down on Celestia's bed, already feeling bored out of her mind. She had already predicted two tied games and an additional three wins from Celestia, so there was little need to actually watch them go down. She played with the settings on her phone, turning the camera on in preparation but not filming anything yet. Celestia poured Mukuro an additional three drinks but didn't drink anything herself, instead staring at her older sister with a calculated gaze on her face.

After a second game, Junko sat up and subtly smirked to herself. Celestia was still poring over her pieces, trying to decide how to move, while Mukuro, despite keeping the usual uninterested expression she always had, placed a hand on her stomach, looking at the empty wine glass. She wasn't drunk, Junko knew both her and her sister could easily outdrink any of their classmates when it came to alcohol, it was something else entirely. And she was completely ready to indulge in it.

"Would you care for another glass?" Celestia asked politely, pointing to Mukuro's empty cup.

"No," She replied back strongly.

"Are you sure? It is always important to be hydrated and I want to be a good hostess."

Mukuro said nothing.

"I believe it is time to explain what exactly I want. You will drink what I say, when I say, and you will also relieve yourself when I say. Is that clear?"

Junko smiled to herself. "You're into bladder-play!" She took out her phone.

"Indeed I am," Celestia smiled politely. "So again I ask, another glass?"

Mukuro instead looked at Junko, who nodded eagerly. She knew the real person in charge was herself; Mukuro would do whatever she said regardless of what Celestia wished. Unfortunately for Mukuro, Junko wanted the same exact thing as the Ultimate Gambler, and thus her older sister wasn't getting out of this so easy.

After Mukuro drank another glass, the chess game continued, with Celestia taking longer to make moves and Mukuro sitting up straight in her seat, still a hand on her stomach. They both ended up tying and so Celestia asked for another game, keeping her hands off the wine.

"My sister has awful endurance though," Junko sighed as she laid in bed, kicking her legs back and forth. "I was hoping this would be more fun,"

"Never underestimate how long I can continue these games. After all, I take pleasure in them as well," Celestia reassured her as she carefully moved her knight.

Mukuro easily moved her bishop, no longer holding her stomach but instead pulling on the edge of her skirt, leaning against the table slightly.

Junko was also observing Celestia. She drunk the diuretic-laced tea she was given that morning, but no sign of her being desperate yet. Still, she could likely bid her time a lot better than her stupid sister could.

The two black-haired girls played two more sets of chess, Celestia winning both before she stood up daintily, readjusting her dress. "I grow quite tired of this game. I think we shall try pool in the rec room,"

"Come on!" Junko chirped, pulling Mukuro out of her seat. Celestia easily poured another glass of wine and handed it to Mukuro, who drank it after meeting Junko's eyes. She kept pulling on the bottom of her skirt and fidgeting as the trio headed up to the rec room, Celestia setting up the pool equipment.

"It is not the most sophisticated nor ladylike or games, but I do enjoy partaking in it from time to time,"

"I don't play it much," Mukuro said as she took her own cue. Junko remained hanging in the back, just watching the two. Pool was more luck-based so she figured Celestia would win it as well, but that wasn't the purpose of the day. The purpose was to get more content for her omorashi celebrity fans.

About fifteen minutes into the game, Junko was still filming and Mukuro pressed her pool cue against her crotch when it wasn't her turn, fidgeting lightly on her feet. Junko frowned. "Come on, be more desperate! The omorashi fans wanna see you really desperate, not this stupid poker-faced charade!"

Mukuro jumped a bit but returned to her stoic nature and nodded, disregarding the pool cue and instead shoving both hands into her crotch, rubbing her knees and crossing her ankles together. Her face remained stoic so Junko just focused her filming on her sister's body.

"My, you already seem quite pent-up, don't you?" Celestia teased, gently running her hands on Mukuro's abdomen and revealing a small bulge there. "And yet still not desperate enough," She wandered around the room and opened up the steel locker, revealing some water bottles. "I wonder who put these here?"

Junko knew it was one of her other classmates who put them there; they spent a lot of time in the rec room and got off on holding it for long periods of time so that water was for them. They'd never notice if a bottle or two was missing though.

"Drink more," Celestia said, and Mukuro unscrewed the cap and took a few drinks of the water before she started trembling. "You must be near to bursting now! Actually, to be quite honest, I have had to go ever since this morning. I suppose that tea of mine went right through me. So you would not mind if I relieved myself now, would you? We are all girls here, after all," She revealed one of the wine glasses she took from her room earlier and sat on one of the chairs, stretching her legs out and lifting them in a position that made her dress fall up and reveal her black lacy panties. Junko kept filming while Mukuro stared, unsure of what was to happen. With one motion, Celestia easily slipped her panties down and revealed her area, placing the crystalline glass' wide mouth up to her urethra.

A light golden stream flowed out and splashed loudly into the glass, the transparent material making it obvious what was happening. Celestia smirked to herself as she did so; letting her stream taper off gracefully as she adjusted her dress and underwear and sitting back up. She carefully observed the liquid.

"It even looks like a wine in its own right," She smirked. "But do not worry, I would not make you drink it. Even I have a limit,"

At that point, Mukuro was tightly holding herself with one hand, pulling her skirt down and looking at the ground. Her pool cue lay discarded.

"Are you going to give me permission now?" She asked.

"No, I am not done with you yet. In fact..." Celestia took her filled glass and left the room, and Mukuro nearly left too until she caught Junko's eye. She lowered her phone camera.

"How much longer do I have to keep this up? I fail to see how this falls into our plan," She asked Junko instead.

"Silly sister, this has nothing to do with that old blaise plan of making our classmates kill each other for entertainment! Who wants to watch famous people kill each other?! This is where the money and popularity is at! Everyone wants to see famous people desperate and wetting themselves! What could be more despairful than seeing your fave starlet just making it to the toilet and then failing because of a wardrobe malfunction!?" She explained. "Way better than killing people but still gives me the despair I need! And I thought you'd be up for it too!"

"It just seems pointless,"

"Well luckily I didn't ask what you thought about it,"

Mukuro ignored her after that, shuffling her weight from foot to foot and keeping her hands away from her swollen bladder. Junko noticed it and walked right over, touching it and making her older sister gasp out loudly in surprise.

"Even with all your military training, you still have no experience in stuff like that!~"

"I have returned," Celestia announced, holding a thin piece of rope in her hands.

"I can untie anything you tie me in," Mukuro challenged.

"I know you can. However, I will not be the one tying you up," She handed the rope to Junko, who forced Mukuro down into one of the chairs and pressed her wrists together, tying them together with the rope. "We have decided if you manage to use the bathroom without undoing your ropes...then you can go, naturally,"

Junko started filming again while Mukuro looked away, squirming and wiggling around in her chair and tightly crossing her legs. She placed her elbows hard in her lap, still showing no emotion on her face.

The three said and did nothing for the next few minutes, eventually making Junko snort from boredom. "Come on, do something!" She demanded of Mukuro. "Are you just not gonna be desperate now that you're tied-up?! In most peoples' cases that would make them even more desperate!"

"You know about my....you know," Mukuro spoke cryptically at a whisper.

"Yeah yeah, I know, all about that gross habit of yours, I'll deal with it later. Right now, people want to know if you're gonna make a break for it!" She pointed to her phone, and Mukuro stood up and wiggled around before she dashed out of the rec room to the bathrooms on the third floor. Celestia was quicker and stood in front of the door, her mouth covered with her hand.

"Did you really think it would be that simple? I never gave you permission," She smirked.

"You said if I could go with my wrists tied," Mukuro reminded her, dancing around.

"Did I say that?" She got a thoughtful look on her face, tapping her lips as Mukuro continued to dance. "Hm. I suppose that I did. But what if other girls are in there? Could you deal with that?"

"When has my stupid sister ever cared about what others think of her?" Junko laughed. Celestia stepped aside and the two followed Mukuro into the bathroom who had to kick the door open with her foot.

Luckily, they were the only ones in the bathroom; nobody liked using the third-floor bathrooms for whatever reason. Mukuro slipped into a stall and stared down at the toilet, struggling a bit with her bindings. She squirmed around and shifted her weight from foot to foot, trying to shimmy out of her skirt and panties despite them. Celestia watched with a studying look on her face, genuinely wondering how it would turn out. Junko filmed with her phone, wondering what Mukuro would do. Would she find some way to use it despite her bindings, or ignore her sister's wishes for once and pull the ties off herself? She couldn't figure out the outcome for once.

Mukuro kept dancing around, pressing her elbows against her bulging bladder before she finally placed her foot on the toilet lid for balance, spinning herself around. To both Celestia's and Junko's collective surprise, Mukuro sat herself down on the toilet with her clothes still on and her wrists still bound, staring down at the ground. Nothing happened for a few seconds before a wet spot appeared on the front of her skirt and spread a bit; drops dripped into the toilet water alongside a small stream. She didn't open her legs until Junko walked over and forced them open; her panties were black so there was no visible stain but the smell was strong and the hissing was evident as she continued to wet herself; a small stream was dripping from her soaked clothing. The small swell in her abdomen rapidly vanished as she peed, and eventually the sound and stream died down, leaving her with soaked panties and a stained and damp skirt.

"Well, I suppose that was one way of going about it," Celestia tittered. "Highly unorthodox regardless,"

"I would expect nothing less from my sister!" Junko said. Mukuro easily eased herself out of the binds, letting them fall to the floor as she stood up. She stared at Junko, likely wondering what would happen next. It never failed to amaze Junko how easily she could rope Mukuro into other situations and she would just go along. Maybe one day, if she really did consider killing their classmates....that loyalty would be remembered. "Anyway, go back to your room and change. Take the long way to the dorms. I want as many of our classmates as possible to see your wet skirt and have them know you wet yourself!~"

"Yes," Mukuro nodded and walked away.

As if their classmates would care, they all were super into omorashi in their own ways so they'd likely just get aroused or feel sympathy if they saw her, but it mattered little. It would make Mukuro feel awkward and that was the real goal. Junko turned her phone off.

"Today was quite delightful. I thank you for giving me such an enriching experience," Celestia smiled, resting her hands under her chin.

"Huh? Oh yeah. Shame Big Sis wasn't more cooperative or interesting,"

"On the contrary, I had a lot of fun today. More fun than I had in a while. I do so enjoy pushing peoples' bladders to the limit and controlling them in my hands,"

The two girls walked out of the bathroom.

"It was a lot of fun to do in gambling tournaments. They already felt prideful and arrogant about having to compete against someone like moi. They would serve drinks in longer tournaments. We had breaks, obviously, however I liked to torment my opponents by drinking a bunch and seemingly never needing to break. If I saw them wander off I would always daintily remind them I had not needed to rest once. Their lives, their money, even their bladders were all in my hands. It was very fulfilling," Celestia continued, smirking. "In some cases, I met opponents who were into such things. After their inevitable loss, we would still be in contact. They enjoyed being dominated by me in that area. To some people, I was known as Pisserella, perhaps not the most flattering or proper of nicknames, but it works. I had not had such fun in ages, so I thank you. If you ever desire to do this again, please let me know," She curtsied to Junko and then walked off.

"Yeah, sure, whatever," Junko walked off in the opposite direction. She didn't really ask for Celestia's life-story, but whatever. She got her footage, and once she edited it and cut out the more useless parts, she'd upload it. She could only imagine what kind of a reaction she would get, especially with the added bonus of Celestia peeing in a wine glass. Sayaka might've been as typical as her persona, but Celestia was interesting and controlling. Further experiments with her were definitely in order.

###

Junko uploaded the next video and rested her head on her desk, feeling exhausted suddenly. She'd go to bed and have to read and respond to comments when she next woke up, as well as see who was being suggested for next time. She didn't mind using Mukuro again if need be; true she had her own preferences when it came to peeing, but that mattered little to Junko. She vastly preferred letting her classmates experiment and perform their kinks of that nature on Mukuro because her older sister would never refuse and Junko has to film it all! She couldn't very well film herself if she was tied-up and desperate! Still, she couldn't deny a lot of it looked like fun.

After her video finished uploading, she turned her computer off and started getting herself ready for bed, her fourteen remaining classmates swirling around in her head. Still so many choices...she eagerly wondered who she'd get to play with next time.

*007*2021-03-02 14:24

{{On 2/26/2021 at 9:13 PM, Makoto Minato said:

Good story,one with Celestia would be cool

}}

I only just now saw this somehow, but either way you might really like the second installment then!

*009*2021-03-07 04:17

{{On 3/2/2021 at 7:44 PM, Makoto Minato said:

Yes i really like,now a little question i have,you gonna do just of the danganronpa trigger happy or you think you can do later of the godbye despair?

}}

Hmmm I'm not sure yet. I feel the second one would be basically similar to this except with different characters and a different setting. But there's also some stuff to play around with like the simulation aspect. I'll think more on it

*011*2021-03-07 13:01

{{8 hours ago, Makoto Minato said:

Ok, i undestand,and one thing you can do what i would this should be cool is fuse these games,like a story where junko go with Chiriro and while they are doing something Chiaki appear

}}

Maybe I'll do that

