Omovember 2020: Day 20

Author: PPP

*000*2020-11-23 03:57

$$

After reading Jolyne's brief desperation scene in Jojo's Bizarre Adventure, I knew I had to do a story about her. Omovember has given me a way to do that! Bear in mind that this will make no sense to anyone without at least a basic knowledge of Jojo.

(The original scene is here, by the way: https://www.omorashi.org/gallery/image/25534-jojos-bizarre-adventure-stone-ocean-jolyne-needs-to-pee-12/

And https://www.omorashi.org/gallery/image/25535-jojos-bizarre-adventure-stone-ocean-jolyne-needs-to-pee-22/

)

###

Day 20: Deliberate wetting as part of a plan Jolyne (JJBA)

###

Looking back, Jolyne Kujo couldn’t remember a time when her life could be called “normal.” But lately, it seemed like it had been one bizarre event after another. Breaking out of prison, gaining unnatural abilities, trying to stop a priest from resetting the world… it sounded even crazier in her head. And now here she was at a fast-food restaurant, helping a sentient colony of plankton place a drink order.

“The number nine comes with a small drink, correct?” asked the plankton in question. She went by the name of Foo Fighters, or F.F. for short. Although she had taken the form of a human body, her imitation of human mannerisms left a lot to be desired.

“For the last time, yes,” said the pimple-faced teen behind the register. “Now will you please order? You’re holding up the line.”

“My friend will just have a large drink,” said Jolyne quickly. “Water’s fine.”

“Why didn’t you say so earlier?” asked the cashier.”Okay, combined with your order, that will be $6.28.”

Jolyne paid and quickly exited the restaurant. She had altered her appearance, but still didn’t want to stay inside too long in case someone recognized her. She and Foo Fighters walked over to a secluded picnic table and sat down. Due to her unusual biology, F.F. needed to ingest large amounts of water. And Jolyne needed to eat just like anybody else. She took a long sip of her soda, almost gagging at the overly-sweet taste. Still, she drained the bottle; it was a hot Florida day and she needed to stay hydrated. Before she could take a bite of her burger, however, Foo Fighters grabbed her arm.

“Look at that person,” F.F. whispered, pointing. Jolyne saw a man in a muscle shirt walking down the street about 100 yards from them. He appeared to be normal, and Jolyne was about to ask what the big deal was. Then, she saw a humanoid shape emerge from the man and hover in the air a few feet behind him.

“A Stand user?” Jolyne hissed. “Here?” Stands were embodiments of the user’s spirit that could manifest in many strange ways. Jolyne’s own Stand, Stone Free, let her unravel parts of her body into string with a variety of uses. But what could this stranger’s Stand do?

Jolyne took a closer look. The Stand had a pale body that resembled a mannequin, naked and featureless. Its face had a long pointed nose and pale yellow eyes. On its back, it had several large holes. As Jolyne watched, long tubes extended from them. They twisted and waved around, like they were searching the area. Jolyne noticed a second man, approaching from the other direction. The tubes suddenly shot out, piercing his skin in several places. He didn’t react at first; Stands were invisible to non-Stand users. But as Jolyne watched, a red liquid flowed through the tubes and back to the Stand. The man slowed, then collapsed, pale as a corpse. The tubes let go, then stuck themselves into the Stand user, transferring all that blood to him.

“Oh my God,” whispered Jolyne. Silently, she produced a string from her finger. It looked like a fight was brewing. The man turned towards them.

“Well,” he hissed, “what do we have here? Two more Stand users?”

“That is correct,” said Foo Fighters, whose Stand let her disguise herself as human. “What did you do to that man?” The stranger laughed.

“Isn’t it obvious?” He struck a dramatic pose. “I am Udo Uteger! My stand, Sunday Bloody Sunday, allows me to drain the lifeblood of my victims. And you two are next!”

“Give me a break,” Jolyne sneered. She concentrated and summoned the physical form of Stone Free, a cyan humanoid wearing shades. Sunday Bloody Sunday shot out its tubes again, but Jolyne was ready. She summoned a razor-sharp string and sliced off the tips of two of the tubes, which recoiled and drooped. Seizing the opportunity, Stone Free threw a powerful punch at Udo, but his Stand intercepted it. It tried to follow up with an attack of its own, but Stone Free unravelled its body into string, avoiding the blow.

With both Stands occupied, Jolyne turned her attention towards Udo. She lashed out her string and caught him by the ankle, sending him sprawling. Foo Fighters followed up on the attack, shooting small clusters of Plankton at him like bullets. Udo yelled in surprise and pain as the projectiles pierced his skin. Sunday Bloody Sunday pushed Stone Free away and leapt in front of its user, shielding him. It sent out its remaining tubes, firing them straight at Jolyne’s chest. She simply unwound her torso, and the tubes harmlessly flew past her.

“Is that the best you can do?” taunted Jolyne. Then she felt a stinging sensation in her lower back. She turned and saw that the tubes had redirected themselves after their initial miss. To her horror, Jolyne saw her own blood begin to flow through them. She tried to pull the tubes out, but she was losing strength at an alarming rate. She heard Foo Fighters scream her name. Then everything went black.

“Jolyne! Jolyne!”

Groggily, Jolyne opened her eyes. She was on her back, and Foo Fighters was staring down at her with a worried expression.

“Urgh…” groaned Jolyne. “What happened?”

“Right before you passed out, Stone Free was able to knock Udo down,” F.F. explained, “giving me time to carry you to safety. I was able to staunch your wounds, but you lost a lot of blood. How do you feel?” Jolyne took a moment to self-assess. Her head was throbbing and she found herself unable to stand.

“Not good,” she said. “Where are we, anway?”

“In the bathroom of a truck stop,” said Foo Fighters. “It was the closest shelter I could find.”

“Bathroom, huh?” Jolyne repeated. She felt a pressure in her midsection, and realized something else: all that soda had gone right through her.

“Help me up, F.F,” Jolyne groaned. “I need to take a piss.”

“No time,” said Foo Fighters. “Udo will be here any minute, and we have to be ready to fight.”

“I’m in no condition to do that,” said Jolyne. A pang ran through her bladder. “Just help me to the toilet; I’m begging you.”

“No,” said F.F. simply. “You can’t waste time doing that; you must be prepared.”

“I’m about to wet my pants, dammit!” cried Jolyne.

“Hmm,” said Foo Fighters, a strange expression on her face. “That gives me an idea.”

“Oh yeah?” asked Jolyne. “What’s that?”

“I don’t have time to explain,” said F.F, “but I need you to trust me. First, wet yourself.”

“What?” cried Jolyne. “Are you crazy?”

“Either that,” said Foo Fighters calmly, “or you can urinate directly on me.”

“Yeah ,definitely crazy.”

“Jolyne, just trust me!” F.F. begged her. Jolyne sighed.

What do I have to lose? she thought. I can’t hold it much longer anyway.

“Okay,” said Jolyne. “I trust you.”

Despite how full her bladder was, Jolyne found it hard to allow herself to let go. Eventually, however, she let out a little dribble of pee. More followed, quickly soaking the front of her pants and darkening the blue fabric. Jolyne felt herself blush, her emotions mixed. The relief felt good, but wetting herself felt disgusting and humiliating.

Foo Fighters, I hope you know what you’re doing, she thought as she continued to wet herself.

After a while, Jolyne’s bladder was drained. She sat on the floor, a large wet patch on the front of her pants.

“Okay,” she grumbled, “I did it. Now what?” Foo Fighters didn’t say anything. Instead, she put her mouth to the crotch of Jolyne’s pants and started licking.

“What the hell?” yelled Jolyne. “Get off of me!” F. F. ignored her and kept slurping. When she finally removed her head, Jolyne’s pants were completely dry.

“You know,” said Jolyne, her face red, “if you were that thirsty, there’s a sink in here.”

“That’s not it,” said Foo Fighters. “I needed to-”

She was interrupted when the door to the bathroom flew off its hinges. Udo was standing there, Sunday Bloody Sunday hovering behind him.

“Found you!” he shouted triumphantly. “Let’s end this!” His Stand shot its tubes towards Jolyne, but Foo Fighters jumped in front and they pierced her neck instead.

“Oh well,” said Udo. “Your blood’s as good as any.” As he said that, Jolyne realized what the plan was.

“No!” she cried dramatically. “Take me instead!”

“Begging will get you nowhere,” sneered Udo. “Sunday! Bring me the blood!” His Stand obeyed, sticking the tubes into him. But the liquid that flowed through them was yellow, not red. Udo laughed at first. Then he screamed.

“What’s going on?” Udo howled. “This doesn’t feel right!”

“That’s because my body doesn’t contain one drop of blood,” said Foo Fighters. “It does, however, contain approximately 350 mls of urine that I recently ingested.”

“Aagh!” cried Udo, keeling over in pain. Jolyne saw her chance. Using the last of her strength, she summoned Stone Free. It rushed past Sunday Bloody Sunday, which was still unwittingly pumping pee into its user, and descended upon Udo, taking him down with a flurry of blows. As he fell unconscious, his Stand faded away.

With the battle over, Foo Fighters helped Jolyne to her feet.

“Thanks for that,” said Jolyne, still a little groggy. “I should’ve known you’d come up with something.”

“You’re welcome,” said F.F. “The plan may have been unusual, but it was still a success.”

“Sure was,” said Jolyne. “Just promise me your next plan will involve less bodily fluids.”

###

Stand Name: Sunday Bloody Sunday (サンディー・ブラッディー・サンディー)

Stand Master: Udo Uteger (ウードー・ユーテガー)

Destructive Power: C

Speed: B

Range: C

Persistence: B

Precision: A

Developmental Potential: E

