Rick and Morty: Summer-ashi

Author: PPP

*000*2019-03-24 00:17

I've seen a fair bit of omo artwork on here featuring Summer from Rick and Morty, but never any fiction. Allow me to remedy that!

###

“Space. The final frontier. The-”

“Jesus, quit narrating already, Morty!” yelled Rick Sanchez. “I already got enough of a *urp* headache.”

“Sorry Rick,” said his grandson Morty Smith. “I was just trying to add a little atmosphere. You know, ‘cause there isn’t any in space.”

“Boo,” jeered Morty’s sister Summer.

The mad scientist and his grandkids were currently flying through the outer reaches of the Horsehead Nebula. They were on the way back from their latest misadventure, where they had discovered (much to their dismay) that screaming suns were common in some parts of the galaxy. All three were currently nursing badly bruised eardrums.

“Ugh, how much further is it?” Summer groaned.

“Another sixty light years or so,” Rick replied. “What’s the rush?”

“Ugh, why can’t we just take your portal gun?” asked Summer, avoiding the question.

“Summer, we’ve been over this,” scolded Rick. “The portal gun is only for emergencies or *urp* if I feel like it.”

“Just sit back and enjoy the ride,” Morty encouraged.

In the backseat, Summer crossed her legs and fidgeted. The truth was that her bladder was getting uncomfortably full, but she was not about to admit that.

Forget it, she thought. I can hold it for another sixty light years.

A few minutes later, Summer realized she had been lying to herself. She had never had to pee so badly in her life and felt that she might lose control at any second. Summer couldn’t imagine wetting herself. She hadn’t done that since… well, since the Hulk Musical a few years ago, but that had been on purpose; that was different.

“Hey, are you okay?” asked Morty, interrupting Summer’s thoughts.

“I’m fine, Morty,” snapped Summer, crossing her legs even tighter.

“Oh ruh-really?” said Rick. “You’re acting kinda funny.”

“You think she picked up some sort of virus on that planet?” Morty asked.

“Could be,” said Rick, “though I’m not sure what it is. We’ll have to run some tests and-”

“No!” yelled Summer. “I just have to pee, dammit!”

An awkward silence filled the spaceship for a few seconds before Rick broke it.

“Oh,” he said simply. He pulled out his hip flask, downed the last of its contents and handed it to Summer. “Here, use this.”

“Grandpa Rick!” cried Summer, aghast.

“Y’know,” Morty piped up, “you wouldn’t have this problem if you’d just let Rick put in that catheter.”

“Not helping Morty!” snapped Summer.

“Jesus, Summer,” groaned Rick, “you’re a big gu-girl. Can’t you just hold it?”

“No!” cried Summer. As she said it, she felt a few drops of urine trickle out. “Please, this is getting serious! Use your portal gun and take me somewhere where I can pee!”

“Okay, okay,” said Rick. “I don’t want you getting the upholstery all wet.” With a pull of the trigger, a glowing green portal appeared. Summer jumped through it immediately, with Rick and Morty right behind her.

Summer tumbled out of the portal, receiving an unpleasant jolt to her bladder in the process. Taking in her surroundings, she saw that they were surprisingly… normal. Looking around, Summer could see a public park, a library, a few restaurants… The one thing she didn’t see, however, was a bathroom. Seeing a man nearby on the sidewalk, Summer walked up and tapped him on the shoulder.

“Excuse me!” she said. “Where’s the nearest bathroom?”

“Bathroom?” the man replied. “Why, it’s all around you!”

He turned to face Summer and, to her horror, she saw a dark stain spreading across the front of his pants. Summer gasped and backed away, her bladder begging for relief.

Enraged, Summer rounded on Rick.

“What the hell is this?” she cried.

“Hey, yuh-you asked me to take you somewhere where you could pee,” said Rick with a shrug. “I’m a scientist, not a miracle worker.”

“That’s not what I meant!” yelled Summer. “I wanted you to take me to, I dunno, a planet of toilets or something!”

Summer grabbed the portal gun from Rick’s hands and fired. She had seen him use it plenty of times, and was pretty sure she had just made a portal to somewhere with a toilet. In any case, it had to be better than her current location. Ignoring Rick’s protests, she once again jumped into the portal.

Summer landed more gently this time, which was good because she wasn’t sure how much more her bladder could take. She had reached her limit back on the spaceship, and it seemed like only a matter of time before-

Wait a minute, thought Summer. Where am I?

This time, there was grassy savanna all around her, with scant cover provided by a few trees and shrubs. A few people dressed in rags were milling about in the distance.

“Ugh, I got a buh-bad feeling about this place,” muttered Rick. “I’ve never been here before, and if my travels have taught me anything, it’s that seemingly peaceful planets always have suh-some sort of hidden danger. Like cannibals or toxic spores or-”

Summer wasn’t listening. She didn’t want it to come to this, but she was seriously considering just relieving herself in the bushes. She was just about to ask Rick and Morty to look away when she heard screams in the distance.

“Aw jeez,” groaned Morty, “what’s going on?”

“Maybe if you shut the hell up and looked, you’d figure it out,” snapped Rick.

The people dressed in rags were running towards the trio, screaming in terror. Pursuing them were horses with riders Summer couldn’t quite make out. She squinted and saw that they were… toilets!? With faces, arms and legs?

“Don’t let them escape!” cried one of the toilets. “Kill the filthy humans!”

He lobbed a spear at the fleeing humans, missing by an inch.

“What the fuck is going on?” cried Summer.

“Run now, questions later!” Morty replied.

The trio fled for their lives, Summer’s bladder jostling uncomfortably. They ducked behind a thicket of bushes, gasping for breath.

“Seriously though, what is this?” gasped Summer.

“It’s just what you wanted,” said Rick. “A planet where humans were overthrown. It’s a planet of toilets.”

“Seriously?” groaned Summer. “That has to be the stupidest-”

“I just don’t get it,” Morty interrupted. “Why would toilets rebel against- oh, I guess I just answered my own question.”

“Shh!” whispered Morty. “They’re coming!”

They didn’t move a muscle as they heard hooves approach and come to a stop.

“Did you get ‘em, John?” said one of the toilets.

“Not yet, Lou,” said the other with a disappointed sigh.

“Aw, don’t get all down in the dumps,” said John. “We’ll flush ‘em out soon enough. Then they’ll be in deep shit.”

“We gotta get out of here!” hissed Summer.

“Agreed,” said Rick. “They’re ruh-really reaching with these puns.”

He fired the portal gun and all three jumped through once again.

With a flash of light, they were back in Rick’s spaceship.

“Shit,” groaned Rick, “the portal gun’s out of juice.”

That was the last thing Summer needed to hear. She felt certain she was going to wet herself at any moment. As she squeezed her hands between her legs, she felt a few drops of pee leak out.

“No no no,” she whimpered, squirming in her seat.

“Look!” shouted Morty. “A spaceship!”

Sure enough, a grimy twin-engine cruiser was floating in front of them.

“Do you think we can use their bathroom?” gasped Summer, any sense of shame gone.

“I dunno,” said Rick. “Won’t hurt to check. Looks like this adventure is-”

TO BE CONTINUED

*005*2019-06-11 01:58

And here's the conclusion. Enjoy!

###

Rick pulled the saucer up alongside the mysterious ship.

“Hmm, their hangar’s open,” he observed. “Bet they won’t mind if we drop in.”

Summer would have countered that claim, but her need for relief was too great for her to argue. She simply squirmed as they flew into the hangar and walked through the airlock.

The ship’s interior was dank and gloomy. Somewhere a burst pipe was leaking, taunting Summer with its’ dripping noise.

“Hello?” called Rick. “Captain or whoever? We nuh-need to use your bathroom. Or, more accurately, my granddaughter does.”

“Grandpa Rick!” cried Summer, holding her crotch and squirming worse than ever. It was taking every ounce of effort to keep more urine from leaking out. She knew she couldn’t hold on much longer and was starting to doubt they would find the ship’s toilet before the inevitable happened.

“Don’t worry, Summer,” said Morty, noticing her discomfort. “There’s gotta be a bathroom around here somewhere. After all, everything pees. Um, guess that’s not helping.”

“And you’re wrong as usual, Morty,” Rick added. “There are puh-plenty of species in the universe that don’t take in water or-”

“Look!” Summer exclaimed, interrupting her grandfather’s rambling. There was a sign on the wall that was written in an incomprehensible alien script, but the male and female figures on it were unmistakable.

“The bathroom must be through this door!” She threw it open, then groaned in dismay. It was just another corridor!

“Hey, there’s another sign,” said Morty. “The bathroom must be through that door.”

No such luck. They were instead confronted with another corridor and another sign.

“Okay, this is getting ruh-ridiculous,” groaned Rick.

“I’m sure it’s right through this next door, Summer,” said Morty. “Summer?”

Summer didn’t answer. She felt the last of her strength give out and the floodgates open. Warm urine poured out of her with the force of a garden hose, soaking her crotch and running down her legs. Equal parts relief and embarrassment rushed through Summer as her bladder continued to drain. A glistening yellow puddle formed on the floor between her feet. When she was finally empty, Summer stood still, mortified at what had just happened.

“Aw, jeez,” said Morty after several awkward seconds. “Rick, do you have anything that- Rick?”

Rick was staring intently at a pane of decorative glass on the wall. Suddenly, he let loose with a roundhouse kick, shattering it. Summer gasped at what she saw: behind the pane was a small room! Inside the dingy room there were several desks with computers and monitors, bags of what she assumed was food, and numerous boxes of tissues. Seated at one of the computers was a pale alien with his back turned to them.

“Yes!” cried the alien. “Ooh, that was incredible! So glad I sprang for those fake signs.”

Only then did he seem to notice the sound of the shattering glass. He turned and let out a shriek of terror. He was mostly humanoid, but with smooth white skin, three yellow eyes and four scrawny arms, all raised in a gesture of surrender.

Rick advanced towards the alien, portal gun drawn.

“Okay, suh-spill,” he said. “Who are you and what’s your deal?”

“Um, m-my name is Flim Gleepnork,” stammered the alien. “I write stories. Stories about, uh, hot girls peeing themselves. A-and when she walked in, so desperate to pee, it was like a dream come true. It’ll be my best story yet!”

“That’s disgusting!” cried Summer.

“Hey, don’t kink-shame,” Rick chided her. “Still, I can’t just let you write about Summer, so…”

He reached into his coat and pulled out what looked like a bronze gun with a lightbulb at the tip.

“Jesus, Grandpa!” cried Summer. “You can’t just shoot him!”

“Relax,” said Rick, “it’s not a gun. It’s a memory eraser I *urp* borrowed. Speaking of, Sixer probably wants it back… Anyway, I’m just gonna erase the last hour of his memory. You’re welcome.”

Over Flim’s protesting, Rick fired the memory eraser. A beam of blue light engulfed Flim, leaving him with a glazed look in the eyes.

“Did it work?” asked Morty.

“Obviously it worked, Morty,” snapped Rick. “However, I muh-might have erased just a bit too much. Like, maybe a year. Anyway, let’s just get out of here before he comes to his senses.”

The three of them headed for the exit, Summer soaked and thoroughly miserable.

“Aw, cheer up,” said Morty, noticing her distress. “We’ll get you a fresh pair of pants as soon as we get home. And no one else will ever know this happened.”

“Thanks to me,” added Rick. Summer smiled despite herself.

“Thanks, guys,” she said.

“I wonder, though,” said Morty. “Who would write a story about my sister wetting herself?”

“Probably some luh-loser who can’t get laid and jerks off to underage anime schoolgirls,” Rick replied.

“Man, that’s harsh,” said Morty.

“And oddly specific,” added Summer. “But I think the real question is who would read it?”

A look of panic crossed Rick’s face.

“Um, I dunno,” he said hurriedly, “but I’m sure they’re all wonderful, wonderful people! Okay, story’s over, bye everybody!”

“Grandpa Rick, what are you-”

“I said bye! It’s over! This is-”

THE END

###

I debated putting in a post-credits scene to further imitate the show, but I couldn't think of a good one.

*010*2019-06-13 00:47

{{13 hours ago, Kamie said:

Nice story, I was searching for Summer's wetting fanfic for very long time. Also cool reference to Gravity Falls.

}}

Heh, I was hoping somebody would catch that reference.

