OS_NotFound: A Gamer Girl Story - Omorashi fiction - Omorashi

Author: Placy

*000*2020-11-15 06:11

Authors Note: First story, so be gentle. I wrote this a while back and I am slowly recovering from a crippling bout of writers block, expect more in the future.

OS_NotFound was the business handle of Ophelia Sun, a veteran streamer and (oft disputed) number one Dojo player. She had found her glory in the early days of Dojo's wifi scene. Her name popped up in forums like an urban legend, people swore she was hacking, until she showed up at a supermajor and won without dropping a set.

That got people talking.

Sponsors were hungry for her, but soon realized they bit off more than they could chew. Ophelia had a mouth. And she was quick to shoot off of cyber rants. In her eyes, she was the greatest Dojo player of all time.

People don't like confident champions, and so backlash followed. At a small weekend event, a crowd gathered around her at her first match and roared for her opponent, some cocky local with harsh acne. Ophelia lost the first match. She had never seen so many smiling faces. High fives all around.

She brought it back the next match. She didn't just perfect him. She demoralized him, she could see in his eyes that he didn't want to pick up the controller for round 3. Ophelia didn't let up. The gamer girl sent him to losers and left the tournament without playing another match.

Rather than face constant verbal abuse during every tournament set she decided to retire undefeated. Her isolation fed her memetic mythos. "Oh, you think SlySloth is good? But did he beat OS?". She was Goku in the Hyperbolic Time Chamber, Luke backpacking across Dagobah with Yoda, or Batman training under Ra's Al Ghul. Fans that she didn't even know she had were patiently waiting on her return, but she didn't plan to. Dojo had lost their gaming goddess.

After leaving the competitive scene, OS dove head-first into solidifying her online presence. She started streaming, which attracted Dojo players and anyone that likes a pretty face. She was a natural to the streaming game, subscribers swarmed her like ants on sugar. At the advent of her 10,000 sub she even had a 24 hour stream. It was the most physically and mentally draining day of her life, there weren't enough caffeine and prescription drugs in the world to get her through it.

Now, she was preparing to do it again. This time she was approaching 50,000 subs, over half of which had only seen the last 24 hr in clips. They were in for a show. Somewhere around seventeen hours, things got a little silly...

She woke up late in the afternoon. Showered, put on some fresh PJs, ate breakfast (lunch?), and booted up her set up and sank into her racer. There was already a crowd of her followers waiting when she flicked her facecam on.

"What up degens?" An avalanche of emotes, copypastas and text walls buried the chat. Ophelia was an entertainer, fed off the energy of her fans. "Okay, so... Sub goal before-."

"Warning! Windows Alert has found a virus on your computer!"

"Shout out to... cobraking237 with the seven month resub." To be honest, she didn't even remember the name.

"Warning! Windows Alert..."

"ChaddtheChad! Thank you so-"

"Warning!"

"much for the-"

"Warning!"

"Fuck it, let's just get started."

Twenty-four hours of non-stop gaming fried eyeballs like egg yolk. Oph had learned last year that she needed a filler. After a one-hundred sub goal was smashed in an hour she transitioned to an unboxing of all the things she had pulled from her P.O. box.

There were tons of letters to skim through, crappy drawings to gush over then trash behind cameras. But on occasion she was spoiled with loot crates, packages, hand-crafted customized gifts, and all kinds of quirky, cool gadgets. Pretending to like reading these letters was just a necessary part of the stream. Even Dojo wasn't perfect. It was a popular game plagued with unpopular balance patches, she could barely recognize the game she used to rule.

Matter-o-fact, one of the letters she was slogging through was explaining just that. Like how the meta was in shambles following the patch 1.13 that was supposed to make slower tankish characters viable instead turned matches into eight minute neutral battles of attrition. And that a high-level, but more or less unknown player was making waves after snatching her crown with a win at NIMD 2.

"Bushido Buck? I swear I perfected him before, did he change his name? Link me the set in chat, someone."

"Warning!"

Ophelia greeted the new sub and celebrated their arrival with a toast of Red Bull.

She surreptitiously skipped over a pile of letters and dragged over a well-taped package almost half her size. Ophelia salivated over it, almost forgetting to read the message attached. "To Oph. So we don't get a repeat of last year. Winky face. From, Chris in Idaho."

Too excited to question, she slipped a boxcutter through the edges in a rush. This was like a second-chance at Christmas, for her. Both of her parents were unsupportive of her life choices and had always been distant so their gifts were double-edged swords of doting disappointment. And friends irl were few and far inbetween after she dropped out of college. It was easy to say that her fans knew her better than anyone.

"Oh my God," she cried, fire bloomed in her cheeks. "D-di... Really? L-O-fucking-L." She ripped the box apart and focused her webcam on the contents. A package of adult depends tagged Heavenly. It was filled to bursting with, fluffy, soft, white cottony diapers. A nursery of cherubs pranced on either side of the package and down the long shapely legs of some model. "New sponsor?"

"Mods, if you see Chris from Idaho in the chat ban him."

Christmas was cancelled. She kicked the box into a corner, a toothy smile pulled tightly at her mouth. "Jokes on you, you actually spent money on those. Okay, s-so, so lets do something else!"

Goddammit. The internet never forgets.

Towards the twilight of her previous 24 hour stream things got a little silly...

The hardest trophy to obtain in [Random Game Title] was to beat Bevin while driving the Dust Devil.

A gif of her 'potty dance' had circled the internet for weeks. A digital eternity. In the Dojo scene it was a canonized meme, the greatest pop off in competitive gaming history. What did she have to do to cremate that memory?

"Someone found me the link? Sweet." she said with relief.

She pulled up the VOD of her match with player formerly known as Bushido Buck and stretched it across the screen. "Ooo! Look, look that's me. Aww, look how precious I was." Ophelia, a vision from a past life, scooted into the player cam throwing up a smile and a 'V for victory' sign. She had been on fire that whole day and it showed in her confident smirk, that same day she had left the scene permanently.

: OS hype analysis???

: What happeened during this set?

"Pfft. There's nothing to analyze..." Still, she allowed the video to play. Bushido Buck slipped into frame. He was an awkwardly assembled guy, cursed with a case of post-pubescent acne and bushy hair. Buck plugged his controller in and selected his fighter: Vainglory. An 8'1" indomitable knight wielding a blade that cleaved the screen in half. Ugh. Talk about male power fantasies.

Oph chose Nuya, Pink Succubus Alt costume. Nuya had been her character of choice since day one. She was a three thousand year old Heilin witch, a glass nuke and a noob annihilator. She was too unwieldly for the average player to use effectively (her combos were too quick and complex) and anyone that knew how to input her Wraith Bondage spell could destroy any newcomer.

The first match was all flash and showboating on her end. She spent the first three minutes trying to activate a secret taunt and the next dancing in out of Vainglory's ridiculous range.

"Heheh. I swear you can't touch me in this game unless I want you to." On screen Nuya stopped mid-combo to stretch erotically, wiggling her booty at the screen just as Vainglory caught her with a swipe of her sword deleting half of her health bar. Past and Present Oph cringed at the same moment, the jeers of the crowd were loud enough to break the time barrier. "Such a tryhard." she muttered.

: triggered

: Taunt to get bodied combo XD XD

Nuya was a gamble to use in tournament. Too easily the opponent could spam counter and reverse one of her heavy damage moves back on her. Not to mention her health bar was one of the smallest in the game (game devs attributed it to her being female).

Game 1 was over in the next exchange, Vainglory had enough health to take trades like a champ.

The venue exploded behind Ophelia's player cam, a mob of faceless antis'. She had never felt such hate for her all at once before or again (at least in person). The crowd's excitement had pressed her on all sides like an Empire trash compactor.

Present Ophelia sank deeper into her seat trying to disappear into the cushions.

Past Ophelia looked shell-shocked, D-Day doom written all over her face, opposite her Buck was handing out high fives.The Vainglory player had leaned over and said something to her, the words lost to history and the crowds screams. The act of such a low-level player even speaking to her in the worst moment of her career had snapped something in her: her compassion.

"Actually, lets talk about Buck for a sec. Watching him is like a lesson on How to Play Like a Lame 101." A tilted Ophelia looked the same no matter the year. Her whole face went flush. Disgruntled, her brow creased tight. Her lips were puckered and pouty and eyes became hard black diamonds.

: ive never seen someone so mad

: she's going to blow!

"Just watch."

Game 2 started and Ophelia was on her opponent in an instant. A good Nuya player is patient baits a mistake and punishes with perfect execution. A great Nuya player turns plugging your controller into a mistake. Every guard Buck tried to muster, Ophelia was already inside. Every offensive was stuffed before the animation could start. Every counter cleaved only air.

Forty-five seconds to perfect Dojo's best stall-based character.

The crowd was silenced. Riding momentum and a Red Bull high, Ophelia had thrown an "offensive gesture" towards the crowd and numerous "hurtful comments". Fuck their safe spaces. And fuck the sponsorship it cost her. In the moment it had felt so good, and even now in the present she got a rush of pride.

Ophelia was in a hurry to get Game 3 going. Buck-toothed Buck's hands were shaking and his eyes were locked a thousand yards past the game screen. The next game played out much like the last, except a randy sword swiped fucked up her perfection. The crowd boo'ed her as she walked off stage, that was as good as praise in her book.

Swiveling in her chair, she popped the tab on a new soda. "I mean props to him for taking a game I guess, but come on, I was barely warmed up that day and he stage-striked to Dojo, the only square stage just so he could camp the corner. And that's just his play, I'll be nice and won't bring up the warzone on his face."

: Yo someone link Buck

"Go ahead." Oph was always the type to back up her trash talk. "Ugh. Camping triggers me. Ones in the chat for viewer battles in Honorbound."

FPS' focused her anger and she was back to her regular self within the hour.

"O, how long have you been streaming."

"Um... sixteen hours I guess?" Oph's fingers danced across her controller. Caffeine made her play at another level. The trade off? She tied her legs in knots and choked her bladder.

"Shiiit."

Two voices laughed in the discord chat. L-Ment and KesaStar had joined Oph when her energy was waning an hour back. Their arrival alleviated some of the pressure of entertaining 7,68-

"Warning!"

7,690 viewers. "Ayy! Welcome sub 49,789."

"Wait, BlackBeltBuck?" L-Ment read, his voice heard strained through a garbo mic.

Ophelia wasn't paying attention. She was too busy trying to hold point in Blitzkreig armed with a toothpick for a knife and spitballer for a gun, the rest of her team had fallen away and scavenged ammo was all she had.

"The one that just won Not In My Dojo?" Kesa asked. "O?"

"Fuck! Got sniped. GG." Ophelia cracked her fingers and scanned the results screen, happy to see her tag crowning the list. "Did someone need me?"

"Yeah, check your sub feed."

She was getting ready to do just that when she heard her door bell cut clean through her headphones. Ophelia blinked, pixels dancing in her eyes, and removed her headset. The gamer rose on numb legs and gave her back a good stretch.

She never got visitors. The only people that rang her doorbell were postal workers and they ditched after the first ring. Whoever this was they were spamming it. "I'm coming!" she yelled over the clangor.

Ophelia rose on her tiptoes to see through the peephole and got a look at the back of a man in a blue uniform. "If I'm being raided I swear to God..."

"What?" she asked swinging the door open.

It was some teenager, annoyingly taller than her. "Pizza." he said perturbed. He indicated the greasy box in his hand and tipped his visor.

"Oh... I didn't order a pizza."

"And I didn't ask to work a Friday night shift." Ophelia hated teenagers, she was short enough to be mistaken for one of them and had been treated like a highschool freshman since she was one . "Large pepperoni? $16.85."

"Don't expect a tip, kid." she growled and went back inside for her purse.

"I'm back!" She greedily snacked down the first slice. "Thanks to whoever ordered me the pizza." she said through munches.

"Didn't your parents teach you not to take food from strangers?" Kesa scolded.

"Ow hot!" Stringy cheese snapped off the slice and tomato sauce singed her tongue. "No whats up with my sub feed?"

Her chat was in a frenzy. New comments popped up faster than she could read. Not unusual. But the walls of emotes and drama-alerts gave her some pause.

"It's me." Ophelia chewed in silence. That voice wasn't familiar. She swallowed. L-Ment was always inviting his friends to her chat, for such a cool guy his friends were animals. Tonight she didn't have the energy to fend off their pleas to 'cyber'. "Buck."

"L-O-L." she grinned. Playing it cool, she scooped up another pizza. Mumbled through mouthfuls, she welcomed him to the stream.

"He was begging me to invite him, and the chat was with it so..." She imagined L-Ment shrugging. "Gotta please the fans." Ophelia nodded in agreement. She had a policy about trash talk, she never said anything that she wasn't willing to back up. Buck wanted a rematch. She smiled, though she hadn't picked up Dojo in months she was still confident.

"I heard what you said."

"Yeah, I wasn't quiet."

"You still think you're the best, don't you? It's been a year and you're still trying to ride that fluke tournament."

"Fluke?"

"Yes, Fluke."

"Bro," L-Ment interjected. "She took out Dojo's top players without dropping a set, no way all of that happen by luck."

"I'm saying she should prove it."

Maybe it was the eagerness, but Ophelia couldn't stop bouncing in her seat. She was beginning to think that her retirement from Dojo was just her being silly and stubborn. Her fans wanted her back. Even her antis did. To be honest, she did want back in. If the competition was as stale as people said now, she could shake it up.

"I'm in."

"Huh?" Buck grunted.

"O!" Kesa and L-Ment both said, one in excitement the other in horror.

"You want a rematch, right?"

"Well, yeah. I was about to sa-."

"If we hit 50,000 subs in the next two hours we'll do a best of 5." She was already making the tweet. "Spirit bomb this shit. That's not too late past your bedtime is it Buck?"

Buck was thrown off, she could tell by the way he was starting to stammer. "I'll see you then, I guess." He ended the call and she giggled to herself.

"O, I don't think that was a good idea." Kesa chided.

"Relax." Oph rubbed her knees together, a hand unconsciously pressed against her crotch. Bloop! Her discord was popping off.

KesaStar~: O, go to the bathroom!

A pink glow colored her cheeks. Only now did she realize that her squirming wasn't just a sugar rush. She thanked Kesa for tact. "Uh, break time."

OS_NotFound: Thanks, mom! lol

She bounded off her chair, forcing herself to go slow to hide her desperation. As she duck walked out of camera frame and towards her bathroom, her foot caught on something. Oph righted herself before she faceplanted and glowered angrily at the cause. The box of diapers. The glowing models face smiled back at her, so content in her humiliating diapered state.

Ophelia finally relaxed on the toilet, her orgasmic sigh was half drowned out by the waterfall flooding her toilet. She had been holding so long that her nether regions felt numb. Ophelia had always been surprised at her bladders capacity, especially compared to its strength. For years she had been plagued with wet spots on her panties, and she blushed to remember the nine years it took her to stop turning her mattress into a water bed.

Finally done, she stood and wiped and moved to pull her panties back up when she noticed a familiar wet stain. She bit her lips, infinitely happy that she shared this secret with no one. "Fuck..."

*004*2020-11-18 11:00

Authors Note: Thanks for the replies! I have a pretty general idea of where I want this story to go- I'm definitely winging it for the most part -so if you have any suggestions about where you want it to go full free to let me know.

"I'm back! Again."

"Guess how many subs?"

"Holy shit. Thirty!?" She clapped two hands around her mouth. This grudge match might really happen. Oph's hands found another energy drink to wash the taste of the pizza she had dusted off down. Seventeen hours in she was starting to feel the crash coming, she needed a big pick me up.

"Do you think that you should, like, study some of Buck's matches now?"

"Yeah, O. The meta's changed a lot since your day."

"You say that like I'm old." Ophelia still listened to her friends advice and pulled up the grand finals set at NIMD 2. "Shit, forty minutes long?"

"And there's a bracket reset."

"Fucking campers... Okay, let's get this over with."

Buck's matches were a slow crawl. Turtle paced. His opponent broke against him after the bracket reset which allowed Buck to smear him across the stage with a vengeance. Optimal. But laborious to sit through. "And this guy has fans rooting for him?"

"Some of them are in the chat right now." L-Ment noted.

"What are they saying?"

"You don't want to know." And Ophelia heeded Kesa's words. She was itching to get a controller in her hand again. She shuffled her legs. This type of play was a sin, and in the immortal words of Witchqueen Nuya 'You must be punished.' Ophelia felt her eyelids begin to sag and she sipped the rest of her energy drink hoping for a kick. Her skype bloop'd again.

KesaStar~: O!

OS_NotFound: What?

KesaStar~: Am I going to have to remind you every time?

OS_NotFound: i dont even have to rn >:l

But, before the bracket reset she could feel it. The dam was weakening and her legs were shaking on their own. She couldn't just leave unexplained again could she? She crossed her legs, now that the need was known she could not help but acknowledge it. There was a throbbing in her crotch, the swish of liquid sloshing with every desperate shaking shimmy in her seat. She leaned forward in her seat and adjusted the video dimensions to cover her webcam footage. Quiet as she could she got out of her seat and dashed to the bathroom again. Dodging the diapers this time.

She returned shortly. The rest of Buck's match barely held her focus, she was too busy ribbing people in the chat, or going on and on about expert plays she had missed out on or upsets that had slipped her radar. When the video finally ended she was desperate to play some Dojo.

Heart thumping, she booted up her console and let the Dojo Theme blast through her headphones.

"Momma's home."

Diving back in proved easier than expected. Nuya still moved as fast as she was used to, Oh's muscle memory kept her combos crisp, though fictional even Nuya seemed to be happy to see her back. While she was falling back in love with the game, more subs flew into her feed. She was in the late nine hundreds now, unbelievable growth. "L-Ment, get Buck in the call its time!"

Sure, she jumped the gun, but with her heart fluttering lack this she couldn't keep teasing herself. Ophelia wanted blood.

The viewer count had hit ten thousand for a late night (or early early morning) stream that was unheard of! She could hear a phantom crowd cheering her own, a fantasy. Not even at NIMD had she gotten any chants going. But she could pretend. Buck joined the call.

"It's about time."

"I'll make the room and you join up. Tournament rules, and best of five, 'kay." With a few clicks she was waiting in the lobby. Her heart had taken over her body, every beat was felt in her fingertips. She licked her lips in delighted anticipation. On screen, Nuya looked just as bloodthirsty. Slow as ever, Buck joined within a few minutes.

"Good luck, have fun."

She rolled her eyes and pushed start.

Nuya burst onto the screen in an explosion of black mist. Vainglory dismounted his horse and drew his bastard blade. The announcer screamed 1... 2... 3... Fight!

Ophelia refused to let Buck set up a defensive wall, with a quick dash she got into mid-range and attacked. Nuya's magic streamed outward as purple storm clouds. They swarmed her opponent draining him steadily of health. Wraith Bondage! While holding shield prevented Nuya from starting a combo, to free himself he would have to attack. Knowing this, Ophelia forced a charge and countered a sword swipe on reaction. Nuya disappeared and reappeared behind Vainglory. An explosive spell sent him sprawling onto the ground, or would have had Ophelia not inputted another spell to juggle him in the air.

Above Vainglory was vulnerable. He had no moves with enough to cover his underside before Nuya had her way with him. It was butchery.

Ophelia fell into the game, barely registering the oo's and ahh's in her headset or the frenzied chat. It was just her and Buck.

She dropped the combo. It was bound to happen. Ophelia was rusty. But Vainglory's health was in the red. She could finish him off. But flashes of their last match came to memory. She couldn't press her advantage now that Buck had found his footing.

Nuya backed off and weaved out of range. Vainglory marched after her slowly.

Ophelia sighed, this was the match up. She had to play careful. No matter how much she hated it. Still, her blood was boiling. Ten thousand viewers were behind her, she wanted to give them a show.

She felt a twinge in her bladder. Her eyes popped open wide. No! There wasn't time for this. Ophelia wiggled in the seat a hand started moving to her crotch but snapped back to the controller when Vainglory shieldcharged her.

Nuya screamed as the shield slammed against her. That move had been buffed, it now had armor on it meaning that you had to dodge it or you'd lose a huge chunk of your health bar. "There goes my perfect."

She shook the hit off and Nuya did as well. The witch bathed the knight in black fire but a raised shield protected him. Mana running low. She had to combo to get more and that was all but impossible.

Get in for a grab? But how when that was what he was waiting for. Nuya waited. Buck and Vainglory both waited. Ophelia whined into the mic. "Come on, ugh." She bounced her leg frantically.

Nuya dove in, he expected her to counter and so he hesitated. The distance was closed and she could attack but instead Ophelia made her character dodge back, Buck took the bait! It was a short swing but left him vulnerable enough to catch a face full of smoke. Trapped in the bindings Nuya taunted outside of attack range. "You must be punished!"

Game one was hers!

Buck didn't respond, instead he meditated letting her bask in victory.

"Good job, O."

"Watch his attacks though, you could have lost the match that way." L-Ment played the protector now.

Ophelia rocked in her seat, both feet thumping against her floor. "Tick-tock, Buck."

He counterpicked Dojo, as expected.

Ophelia was a momentum-based player, and at that moment she was riding an almost twenty hour high to victory. Was it any wonder that she got careless.

"Fuck!" A risky airborne attack was punished by another shieldcharge. It shaved off a chunk of her health bar and left Vainglory at full health. The knight retreated back first into a corner and waited. The only way to get him now was to get him off the ground or strike from above.She had already been punished for the one but the other...?

She tried. Nuya swept at his legs, he blocked, but Nuya was fast enough to avoid a counter attack. She tried another Wraith Binding. The knight withstood it all. She could waste more mana throwing out more Wraith Bindings but Vainglory would still have double the health.

Ophelia couldn't ignore it now. She was fucking desperate to pee. Worse than that her stomach was bubbling. God! Could something go right today?

Nothing was working. Attack after attack bounced off of that perfect shield. Of course Vainglory's defense wasn't impenetrable. That would be broken. But that just made it worse. Buck was predicting her offense, he knew what she was doing the instant, maybe even before, she did it. Her face went flush and brow furrowed.

Risking it all, she wasted the last of her mana with a Wraith Binding and raced in. Vainglory took the hit and waited. Nuya beat at his shield. But all in vain.

Buck weathered the storm and the game went to time. Vainglory waved his sword in victory.

"One to one."

Ophelia wanted to mute him so bad. Her stomach burbled again, her distressed bowels were working overtime. This discomfort wasn't passing like she hoped it would. It seemed to be getting worse, now coupled with her aching bladder was an overstuffed tummy.

Just have to win the next two. She didn't know if she could last till Game 5 with the games going all the way to time.

She had to think of something. The way these matches were going the winner was decided within the first few seconds. Whoever held the lead would prevail.

"I-i-i got this..." She told mostly herself.

Sweat was building on her forehead so she wiped it. She leaned forward in her racer, hoping to find a comfortable position. Instead, she went into game 3 hunched over and desperate.

Nuya was the faster character. She started the match with a rushdown and managed to chain few hits before that brick wall of a shield batted her away. An even trade. If she could do a few more of those maybe this match wouldn't go on so long and she could find time to get to the toilet.

Just the word made holding it all but impossible. A tell-tale hiss made a dime-sized stain on her sweatpants. She gasped. Sensing her distraction, Vainglory charged. Nuya barely evaded and caught him recovering with fiery hex.

Ophelia was writhing in her chair, thankful the webcam was covered.

He was hit! She could work with that, but on her attack she noticed something strange, he was walking through her hits. Fuck. She forgot the update had buffed these armored tanks. Weaker hits like most Nuya's combo starters didn't even make Vainglory stagger. The bastard blade chopped her health bar in two.

"2-1."

"B-R-B." Oph slammed her headset down and bounced out of her chair.

"She's stalling!"

"Am not! Just... One minute!" the pain in her gut told her that she needed more than a minute. She began potty-stepping her way towards the bathroom but stopped when she saw the package from earlier. No way.

But she had to win. And she couldn't keep going as desperate as she was. One more game lost and she'd lose everything. She moaned to herself, real tears pushing out of the corners of her eyes.

She dropped her pants and panties. Even alone in her apartment she was a little embarrassed. She choked her pride down.

Just a few steps away thousands of people were waiting on her so she had to hurry.

She ripped a crinkly, padded diaper from the pack, unfolded it and plopped her butt down on top. When was the last time she had taped a diaper onto anyone? Never? Thankfully, she grasped the gist of it quickly.

This was crazy. Was the bathroom still an option? No, not enough time.

Ophelia pulled the diaper tight against her crotch and pulled the tapes together. A rush job, but the thick cottony pamper held. She wrestled her sweatpants up and stuffed the top of the diaper down into her pants. She tugged her shirt as far down as it would go trying to cover the bulky undergarment.

Even underneath her loose clothing the diaper was visible, it's unyielding bulk and shape were obvious. But it would have to do.

Face aflame with anger and embarrassment she took her seat. It was like sitting on the softest bean bag chair. It rustled and crinkled with the slightest move. Seated, the diaper pulled tight against her crotch and made the pressure all the worse in her bladder.

Remembering what she was here to do, she put on her headphones and relaxed. "I'm back."

An ocean flooded the dry cotton. Warm, wetness swamped her pussy and worked its way to the seat. She let out a halted sigh, remembering where she was just in time. The diaper sponged the deluge of pee and impossibly expanded in bulk!

"It's about time."

"S-shut up." she whimpered. No one knew about her private shame but she was paranoid enough to think they did. Ten thousand pairs of eyes watching. Watching her pee herself. Watching her wet her diaper. She sniffled.

"You good?" L-Ment asked.

"Never better, let's just end this."

"Couldn't say it bet-." she muted Buck. The flow slowed and stopped, leaving her trapped in the hot, heavy soaked pants. She couldn't believe it. All of her pride at having found her independence from her parents, from anyone, and she found herself in a pissy prison taped around her waist?

Beat him, Oph. You have to beat him. Game 4. No longer desperate to pee, she and Nuya moved smoother. They found a rhythm, matched defense to offense to evasion and kept it even with the knight. Her combo meter hit double digits often but it wasn't enough. It just wasn't enough.

Prrpblllph. A wet fart snuck out and nearly cost her the match. She cringed, hoping no one heard it and hoping that that gooey sensation between her cheeks was just her imagination.

Vainglory was moving back into position to camp but Nuya intercepted him this time. She appeared at his back and expended all of her charged up mana upon him. Just like in game 1 she juggled him overhead. All of her attention was sucked into the game.

She input every move like she was stabbing Buck with a knife. Vicious Nuya matched her ferocity. She was so invested. She didn't feel the next cramp or the twisting of her gut. One. Last. Hit!

"Two to Two!" she yelled.

"-There ya go!" L-Ment cheered. KesaStar echoed his praise, but Ophelia had left them behind. She was in her own world now.

Final round. There was no fanfare, just action. But in the moments waiting for the count down to end she felt her sphincter open. No! Not now of all times.

She was back on stage fighting Buck. Ten thousand people were in the crowd watching her. Except now, she was naked from the waist down, save for a soaking wet Heavenly diaper. The player cam focused on her rear end, watching the bulky white cotton rustle and shake as she squirmed to hold in her heavy poopy load.

Ten thousand people watching. Her reputation. Her unblemished winning record. It wasn't going to end here. She tried to take control of Nuya, but her fingers felt jammed. Vainglory advanced, a colossal warrior with stunningly, cold blue eyes.

Her body betrayed her.

"Uhhnnggh." She moaned dumbly, helplessly. Her anus stretched to accommodate the speeding mass that surged violently into diaper. No way this could be happening. The goopy mess spread thickly over both cheeks, accompanied by a great gassy burst that lifted her off her seat. The avalanche of shit didn't stop even when the seat was filled piling up higher and higher and squished up the back of her diaper until Ophelia was sure it was going to spill out the top. She was hypersensitive to the gross, slimy shit but powerless to stop it. The poopy explosion in her diaper bubbled and slowed until Ophelia was empty. The simmering, hot, heavy load settling into her seat.

"3-2." she heard Buck, unmuted, whisper in her ear waking her from nightmarish fantasy directly into another.

"Huh, wait what?"

"I win. By the way congrats on 50,000!"

*006*2020-12-01 11:00

She grinded her fingers to dust. Remastering tech skill. Chasing a meta that had lapped her by over a year. She was still good. The hordes of broken wifi scrubs she left behind attested to it. Even the fickle twittersphere agreed.

'She hadn't gotten any sleep.'

'It wasn't a tourney standard set.'

'OS was out of practice.'

'She wasn't even warmed up.'

'LAG'

'And wasn't she drinking on stream?'

At least the conversation was on her skill and not... That other thing. Just the thought made her stomach grumble and cheeks blaze.

Oph dropped a combo in game. A combo she had practiced thousands of times until she could repeat it flawlessly with her eyes closed. Oph won handily. But groaned in agony. She couldn't play this game without Buck's taunts pinballing inside of her skull.

"That's enough for today, I guess." she told her chat, faking a yawn. BibleThumps rained down. She didn't bother with an outro and simply shut down her stream.

She slumped into her seat. The quietness of her apartment was getting to be claustrophobic. Oph bemoaned leaving though, she didn't want to be recognized by a fan (though rare it did happen). Besides, it was getting late. Post-stream marathon her sleep schedule had been fucked and so she was forcing herself to bed.

Nights alone were scary. Her bedroom was small, but darkness made it an infinite void. Ever since she was a child, Oph insisted on checking under her bed and her closet for monsters. Now that she was older, she blamed it on habit not fear.

After her check, and double check she all but dove onto her bed. She cowered under the blanket, clinging tightly to her (TEDDY), quaking at every sound.

Her apartment wasn't exactly a palace. It had its quirky faults here and there, like her microwave growling and setting her instaramen on fire, or the clang of the rusty water pipes coming from her bathroom.

Clang! Clang! Clang!

I should be used to it by now... She thought. But for some reason it sounded as if it were getting louder. She'd have to call the landlord tomorrow morning. If she reached morning. God, it felt like she had been in bed for hours but only ten minutes had passed.

To medicate insomnia, most 'normal' people would resort to counting sheep. Ophelia had a different strategy. She recited command lists, envisioning the sequence and pantomiming the inputs until the routine lulled her into sleep.

O, O, O, L (UP), Square, O-

Clang! Clang! Clang!

Her fear was spiced with anger. Now it sounded as if someone were banging pots and pans into a megaphone. Oph folded her pillow around her eyes and curled up in a corner of her bed away from the noise.

The gamer squeezed her eyes shut clung to her commands like a mantra. But the sound invaded even her thoughts. It wasn't getting louder she realized. It was getting closer.

CLANG! CLANG! CLANG!

She shot upright, the issue of sleep set aside.

He was here.

He strode out of the darkness. His armor; blinding, pristine, silver steel clanged together with every step. Vainglory unsheathed his blade, his body was as broad as a wall and his sword was bigger. She shrank before him. Ophelia shielded her eyes from the impossible sight. But just when she felt the cowardice overwhelm her Nuya appeared.

She burst from the shadows, alive with purple fire. Somehow, she stood even more massive than Vainglory. The giant woman glowered at the intruder and cackled.

"Someone needs to be punished!" But before the two could clash in an explosion of fire and fury Oph awoke.

She sat upright. Breathless but still conscious enough to turn on her bedside light and scan the room for the nightmare knight. Nothing. She sighed and sank into her warm, wet sheets...

"Huh!?" She threw off her comforter and sprang out of bed, her sheets were soaked! And so were her pajama bottoms. The thick cotton fabric clung wetly to her thighs and butt. Ophelia peeled her pants off with a whimper. She hadn't peed the bed since... Her cheeks colored dark red when she remembered the disaster of a slumber party she had been to when was ten. This was almost as bad, except no one was threatening to humiliate her by posting pictures of her pissy sheets on Facebook.

The chill of the A/C blowing on her bare legs rescued her from a traumatic rerun of her childhood. There was much to clean up.

As luck would have it, it was laundry day. For her whole apartment building. She stumbled into the laundromat with a basket of her soiled linens and her clothes piled on top. Ophelia kept her head low, already half-hidden by her hoodie. She knew that a few of the people in her apartment had it out for her. Noise complaints. And like a Broadway ballet star wouldn't miss a step to embarrass her. She could feel their eyes on her as she searched for an open washer.

"Yo, I'm just finishing up, if you need one." She jumped at the voice. A man about her age had called out to her. Oph mouth creased into a slight frown but she dropped her basket, out of sight, next to his washer. She couldn't help but notice that he was very handsome. She was hoping he was one of those strong, silent types and would leave her alone but the gods were not kind.

"You new to the area?"

"U-uh, no." she muttered as he lackadaisical pulled his clothes from the washer. "I live in the Anderson Building."

"Oh yeah? Me too. Wait, Apartment 33?"

"Yeah, how did ya know?" she asked, hefting her heavy hamper.

"They told me about you when I moved in, some girl that never leaves her apartment and is always getting the cops called on her," he laughed. She wished she could delete herself from this conversation. "They left out the fact that you were cute, though."

Cute. Oph stiffened at the word. She hated when people called her cute. Cute should be reserved for kids and kittens, she was a grown woman.

"Here, let me help you with that." The man reached for her hamper of clothes and Oph swung away.

"No!" she accidentally yelled. "I mean, I got it, its fine." She struggled with the load and dumped it into the free washer. The man looked startled and tried to soften her outburst with a slanted smile.

"Oookay. See you around, maybe?"

Oph grunted and busied herself with fishing out some quarters.

She refused to leave her clothes alone for a second, so she sat in a corner of the laundromat and played a Castle Crashers on her phone and burned villages while she burned time. Oph had so much more power behind a keyboard or a screen. Much more than in relief where doing laundry was almost too much stimulation for her. The keyboard warrior was just about to complete her assault on the keep when a notification flashed on her phone.

@L-ment: Lan-Con tiks just dropped! You comin?

Finally, some good-fucking news! But then she stopped herself. LanCon was one of the most popular event in her area, and Oph was bound to recognized did she really want to face the world as OS_NotFound the Wifi Whiner?

As if sensing her hesitation through the wifi he sent her another DM.

@L-Ment: I heard Nuya's voice actress is going to there

@OS_NotFound: !?

@L-Ment: Yeah, there was a whole Go Fund-Me page to get her to come in cosplay too

@OS_NotFound: link me

@L-Ment: So you're in!?

For the first time in a while, the gamer girl was grinning from ear to ear. She only stopped when a cranky lady banged on her washer, yelling that it had been done for five minutes.

