Trying to be a good girlfriend

Author: pguy69

*000*2018-04-01 15:40

Part 1

Patsy and Tim were childhood sweethearts. They'd known each other since primary school, been dating since they were 13, and now, at the age of 21, they were engaged to be married. Life was good, they had similar interests, the same friends, they loved each other intimately, and although they were quite private, the sex was amazing. Patsy had been brought up to never discuss such things, sex was fr the bedroom, and your private parts, should be just that, private. Tim was the only person she'd ever had sex with, and since she could remember he was the only person, along with her gynocologist, who'd seen her naked. Tim felt truly honoured about this, as he knew that she was stunning. She was tall, and although she wasn't supermodel thin, he found her little belly sexy, it meant that her boobs were a perfectly formed 34C, her legs were long and sender, and her peachy round ass was just perfect.

The only thing that they disagreed about was football. Tim was a diehard fan of a local, football none-league team, following them home and away, and this took up his every Saturday. Patsy just had no interest, and whilst it frustrated her, that was just the way it was. She was left to her own devices on a Saturday, whilst Tim went off with his football friends. It'd always been that way.

It had transpired this year though that Tim's team had gone on a great FA cup run, they'd made it to the second round (Which Patsy didn't think sounded very good, but apparently it was), and they had drawn, at home against another none league team, from somewhere near Plymouth. Whilst none of this made any sense to Patsy, when the third round draw was made, it came out that they would play Manchester United, if they could win this next game. Tim was beside himself with excitement, and Patsy obviously enjoyed seeing her man happy!

Over the next week the club had made the announcement that they were running a lot of promotions, and were laying on free coach travel down to Plymouth, family, and couples tickets were heavilly reduced, and season ticket holders could take a guest for free! Well, the whole region was buzzing with anticipation, and the club was selling tickets fast. They had 700 to sell, and they looked like doing it. As it was all free, and it obviously meant so much to Tim, Patsy decided to go along. Tim was beyond excited, he was sure she'd enjoy it, and it was going to be a party atmosphere. He'd tried to get her to come to football for so long, it was going to be great.

When the big day came around, it turned out that the club was taking 9 supporters coaches, one full of local youth teams, as well as one full from the local high school. The others were just the usual fans, as well as lots of extra wives, girlfriends, and families. Kick off was 8 O'clock, and it was about a 5 hour journey, so the coaches were leaving at 13:30. Tim and Patsy met some mutual friends in a local pub at 11:30, for some lunch and a few drinks before they set off!

Arriving at the pub, they were met outside by Michelle, a rather vulgar girl that, to be honest, Patsy didn't have much time for, she was in a leather jacket, crazy tight jeans, smoking a fag, with a pint. Unfortunately, she was going out with Mick, Tim's best mate, so they'd have to put up with her.

"There you are guys" she shouted, "what a fucking day this is going to be, great to see you her Pats, fuck me, you look fit in that, get yourselves in there, Mick has got you some beers in".

Patsy cringed, she was wearing one of Tim's old football shirts, and a pair of grey leggings, she was fully aware that it was tight and it showed off her every curve, but Tim had insisted she looked great, and needed to support the team, so she'd gone with it. Not only that, did she say Mick had got the beers in? Surely not a pint, girls don't drink pint's, she thought, but, sure enough, as they walked into the pub, there were 2 pints sat waiting for them. She groaned inwardly. I mean she loved beer, but, she was a girl, there were ways girls were meant to behave, she'd been brought up well, and she considered herself to be somewhat of a lady. Mick greeted her enthusiastically,

"Patsy babe" he started, "Tim said you were coming, he was well excited, you're one of the boys today, you look great"

She could see that people were making an effort to include her, so she decided to make a effort back, if just for Tim's sake. In the next 2 hours the pub got busier and busier with football fans, the beers were flowing, and the atmosphere was building. There were now 9 people in their group, Tim and Patsy, Mick and Michelle, and then Nigel and Karen had brought their 3 teenage children, 19 year old Justin, 18 year old Carl, and their 17 year old daughter Molly. Patsy really enjoyed Karen's company, and was naturally chatting to her. She discovered that Nigel and the boys were regular football fans, whilst her and Molly would normally spend their Saturdays shopping. Molly, was a typical teenage girl, face full of make-up, Tight denim hotpants, and a cleavage revealing top. She looked ready for a night out, and had no issues getting served at the bar.

When it was time to leave, they'd had 3 pints each, so the girls headed off to the toilets first. It was a big pub, but it was so busy there was a small queue when they got there, giving the girls chance to chat.

"I fucking love football days" started Michelle, in her usual brash manor, "but fuck me, last time I went it was a proper bladder buster, on the coach home we were stuck in traffic, I thought I was going to piss myself, honestly I did, I had to squat behind the bus as soon as we stopped",

"Ewwwwww" said Molly, "you had a wee in the street, didn't everyone see you?"

"Probably" laughed Michelle, "honestly though, I had no choice, my fucking knickers were wet as it was, how I didn't piss myself on the bus I'll never know"

"I could never do that" said Molly, "You'd end up all over Facebook, that's just nasty"

"Quite right" said Karen, "Girl's don't wee in public, they just don't"

"I could never be that desperate that I did that" added Patsy, "It doesn't matter how bursting you are, you can always wait until you reach a loo".

"Well I fucking couldn't that day" laughed Michelle "It was pop a squat or piss myself, that was my only option"

As she spoke a cubicle became free, and she went in, leaving Patsy, Karen and Molly, looking at each other in disgust. "I can't believe she just told us that" whispered Karen, "its absolutely disgusting"

They all had their wees, washed their hands and headed outside to meet the boys. They arrived at the pick-up point and found a line of 9 coaches. We're all on coach 7 said Tim as he led them there. They got on and headed towards the back, they were about 3 rows down from the back seats, Patsy and Tim sat together, opposite Nigel and Karen. Justin and Carl sat behind them, with Mick and Michelle sat directly behind Patsy and Tim, That meant that Molly sat on her own infront of them. Patsy felt sorry for her and tried to make conversation.

Soon they were on their way, with all 9 coaches leaving in unison, the men all chanting football songs, and a thoroughly party atmosphere. It was only a few minutes until cans of lager were being handed out, and everyone was once again drinking. Patsy spent the first 20 minutes or so chatting to Molly, but she had then put her headphones on, and started messing with her phone. Patsy settled in and started chatting to Tim and Nigel, trying to get into the spirit of the day. By the end of her first can, she was starting to feel a little tipsy, and had to admit she was actually enjoying herslef. She looked at her watch, they'd been on their way for 45 minutes. She thought, on a coach journey this long they'd have a couple of breaks, she was starting to feel like she needed a wee, but told herself that they'd be stopping in the next half hour, so she started on another can.

Half an hour later, and Patsy was really feeling a need to wee now, she had been watching the services signs and knew there was one coming up in ten miles. That was only a couple of minutes away she thought, and she would most definitely welcome a toilet pitstop. She had finished her second can now, and was starting to feel a little bit drunk, so she refused a drink next time they were offered.

"Are you OK" said Tim, hugging her, "You've gone a bit quiet"

"Yes babe" she said, "I'm fine, are you having fun"

"I am" he beamed, "I can't beleive you're here" he squeezed her thigh, "The two things I love most in the world, Wanderers and you, are coming together, its going to be a great day, I really hope you enjoy it"

They carried on talking, and had a little kiss, until Mick and Michelle yelled out,

"Wahey, get a room guys, there's no smooching on football days"

Patsy burned red with embarrassment, she'd never have kissed anyone in public sober, and now she'd been caught she realised she was a bit drunk. To make matters worse, as she sat, mortified, she noticed to her horror, that they were driving past the services. Her bladder protested, she'd been convinced they would be stopping, now everyone thought she was a slut, she couldn't make it worse by admitting she needed a wee.

She tensed up and convinced herself they would definitely be stopping at the next services. They passed a sign a few minutes later saying they would be in 12 miles. A quick calculation said this would be about 10 minutes. She was going to be bursting by then, but she'd be fine, there was no need to make a fuss.

The next few minutes passed agonisingly slowly for Patsy, who was becomming painfully aware of her need to pee. Since she'd started to think about it her need seemed to have grown remarkably quickly, and she was definitely feeling quite bursting. Why had she drank so much before a long journey, she thought to herself, it was just stupid, she was becomming very uncomfortable indeed. The motorway they were on was very well signposted and they past signs that read Services in 8 miles, then 5, then 3, then 1. Her bladder seemed to respond to each one of these as her relief grew closer and closer.

"Come on, come on" she thought to herself, sitting tense and rigid, "just another few seconds", but to her absolute horror, no, worse than that, her terror, the bus just continued on its way, it was not stopping!

Her bladder screamed, her mind raced. This could not be happening, what was she going to do, she'd been couting down the seconds til she could get some relief, and twice it had been denied her. She could have cried at that moment, as she felt so helpless, when Tim said "what's the matter babe, you're very fidgety."

She felt a terror rising from the pit of her stomach. Had it been that obvious, had she actually started to pee dance. Oh God, what was she going to say, what was she going to do . Girls didn't talk about their need, and they certainly didn't make a show of themselves in public. She'd known Tim for as long as she could remember, they were soul mates, but she'd never, ever, even dreamed of discussing toilet matters with him. It just wasn't what girls did, and that was that,

"Oh, erm, I could do with stretching my legs, thats all".

"Ah, is that all" said Tim, "I was a bit worried for a second"

"Will there be a stop soon" she enquired, trying to sound nonchalent, but longing to scream and demand a toilet stop in the next few seconds!

"There better fucking had be" interrupted Michelle, "I need to piss like a fucking racehorse back here, that fucking beer has gone right through me"

Patsy's mind whirred again. She was both shocked and appalled at Michelles brazen admission, and her brash, unladylike manner, but she was also delighted that she wasn't the only one desperate for the loo.

"we'll be stopping soon" reassured Tim, "theres always someone worse off than you isn't there, Michelle always makes a fuss on these coach journeys."

10 minutes later, and Patsy's need had risen to new heights. She couldn't beleive how quickly her bladder was filling, the beer seemed to be having an efffect unlike anything she'd ever felt before. Her knee was jigging up and down none stop now, as she tried to press her thighs together as tight as she could. Michelle had been getting more and more vocal about her need, and Karen had now also aditted she was bursting. Molly's ponytail could be seen jigging up and down too.

"Do you not need to go, Patsy?" asked Karen

She wanted to cry, YES she wanted to go, she wanted to go more badly than she'd had to go in years. Her bladder felt like a rock as her most intimate area burned and throbbed and demanded all of her attention. "Erm, no, I'm OK" she lied.

"Well I'm fucking not, I'm fucking desperate" slammed Michelle, "its fucking stupid", she got up and walked down to the driver. No-one could hear her from back here, but Patsy was shocked to see her pressing a hand between her legs and dancing around, making a real show of herself.

As she returned to her seat, she said, he's stopping at the next services. There were whoops of joy, as people echoed their satisfaction at this. "It better not be far" said Karen, "its getting urgent", "Oh mum, I need to go really bad too" added Molly.

It was another 10 minutes until they finally reached the services. Ten minutes during which Patsy's desperation had grown intensely, she was almost in tears she needed to go so badly. Her legs were jigging up and down none stop and her private parts were screaming at her. She hated to even think it, but she was worrying deeply that she might not make it to a loo when they did stop. The thought was almost to horrifying to imagine. She HAD to wait, she just had to.

She clearly wasn't the only one who's need had grown. Michelle had grown more and more vocal as the services approached, and many of the guys were openly complaining. Even Molly had been constantly checking how much longer, making no secret that she'd be running to the ladies when they stopped.

As the coach pulled into the services, it became apparent that all of the coaches were stopping here, and so, as they were on coach 7, as they pulled in they could already see people from the other coaches dashing accross the car park. "Come on, come on" shouted Michelle, "I'm literally going to piss myself in a second, hurry the fuck up".

As it did park up, there was a mad desperate scramble. Patsy almost cried with relief as she tried to stand up, but she was stopped by Tim.

"Might as well wait a second" said Tim, "I think some of the girls are desperate to run it to the loo, better let them go first. Michelle sounds like she's on the verge of leaving a puddle"

Patsy almost broke down and pissed her knickers on the spot. She HAD to get out, NOW, literally every second was vital. She tried to push past him, but he stopped her, as Michelle dashed past, both hands pressed into her crotch. Karen stood up, and Molly dashed out, holding her tight denim shorts up, as it became apparent she'd undone the button at some point during the journey. A tear formed in Patsy's eye, as she said out oud, for the first time in her adult life,

"I need the toilet too" Her face burned beet red, but her bladder screamed and thrashed around inside of her, "Please Tim, I must hurry to the ladies".

"What? Why didn't you say something?" asked Tim, but Patsy was like now like a woman possessed, desperately trying to push past him. Her need was even worse now she was standing,

"Please" she stammered, "Please Tim, I NEED to get out NOW".

He'd never heard her speak like that, and was genuinely worried. She couldn't even stand up straight her stomach hurt so much.

Tim sheepishly moved aside, and started speaking, but she couldn't even hear him now. Literally her whole world was centred inside her knickers, and the desperate struggle to keep them dry. Every second now was vital. She pushed past him and hobbled down the coach. As she stepped down to the car park, she felt her control slipping, and a frantic spurt escaped her tightly clenched pee hole. "No, no, no, oh god, fuck no" she stammered as she thrust her hand hard into her crutch. This could not be happening, she was literally wetting herself, in public, with nowhere to go. She saw Molly and Karen running accross the carpark, but there was no sign of Michelle anywhere. She couldn't take her hand away for a second now. She was hobbling accross the carpark, in a fully fledged pee dance, clutching her frantic, aching pussy. She was going painfully slowly, but she had to almost keep her legs crossed as she walked.

Finally she made it to the main enterence, she was in so much pain now, she hardly knew if she was weeing or not. She almost walked into a middle aged man as she dashed into the door. Where were they, oh god, where were the toilets. He vision was blurring, as tears welled in her eyes. Her bladder screamed, she didn't have time for any delays. She couldn't think straight, as she hobbled inside.

"Where are they?" she said out loud, "Where are the toilets, oh god, where are they?" The man she'd almost collided with put his hand on her shoulder. "The toilets are just down there love" he said, pointing to her left, "You look like you're in a bit of a hurry there". She almost died of embarrassment, she didn't even realise she'd been talking out loud, but at that moment, she was very grateful for the help. As she frantically hobbled in the direction he had pointed Patsy was dismayed as 4 young girls dashed past her, "Quick, I need to piss so bad" said one.

As she rounded the next corner she saw the sign she needed to see so badly. In huge black letters "LADIES", "Oh thank God" she gasped out loud, as she tried to hurry towards it. She thought about the glorious relief lying just round the next corner. This was a huge mistake though, as her need swelled almost incomprehensibly and her bladder forced a huge gush of pee out into her panties. It was much more serious than her earlier spurt, and almost floored her as she dropped to her haunches trying to regain control. "UMMPPPPPHHHHHH" she grunted, as thugh someone had punched her in the stomach. She pressed both hands hard into her frantic, quivering vulva. Her legs were shaking as another spasm passed over her. She fought hard to control it, but felt another quck squirt escape her. She started to cry as she stood up and ran for the toilet.

The ladies room was a typical services facility, huge, with approximately 30 stalls, but she was absolutely horrified to see there was a queue. This couldn't be happening. Not now. She joiined the back and started pee dance furiously. It was absolutely chaos. There were approximately 20 women waiting, all making a huge fuss, and the sounds and smells that filled the room were just an abject mixture of joy and sheer relief, and utter, indescribable, frantic desperation. "Please, please, please hurry" gasped the girl who'd run past Patsy in the corridor, as a group of girls entered the room and started to voice their dispeasure, to her right Patsy heard the sound of a frantic gushing deluge hitting a toilet as a girl obviously found relief. Up ahead a toilet flushed and a desperate scramble of about 6 girls tried to ran for the vacant cubicle.

Her head was spinning, as her bladder throbbed again, she could feel a trickle of pee starting to come out, she just couldn't clench hard enought o contain the ocean of pee any more. She heard a toilet flush, and, like a woman possessed she just ran past the line. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm peeing, it's coming" she garbled as she sprinted. She wasn't lying, she was out of control now. The girl at the front tried to block her, saying how long she'd been waiting, but as the cubicle opened Patsy just charged at it. The girl at the front can't have been more than 13, but Patsy physically pushed her, hell, almost threw her out of the way. People were shouting at her, but all that mattered was a wee. She tried to start pulling down her leggings, as she dashed in, and bolted the door. She was now peeing full force as she yanked them down and literally threw herself at the toilet.

"AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" She gasped as she could finally relax, and her pee came gushing out of her at an incredible force. "Oh my god yes, oh I needed this" she gasped as her stream gushed and gushed and gushed like a firehose into the toilet below. Her legs were shaking as her pussy covulsed as what felt like gallons of pee flooded from her.

"Oh it feels so good" she gasped, as she peed and peed and peed. After about 45 seconds her pee stream dwindled down to a gentle trickle and she began to become aware of her surroundings. She was lightheaded with relief, as the room spun and her frantically distended bladder slowly returned to relaxed state. Her whole body tingled as the terrible, desperate pain subsided and was replaced with sheer joy.

It was another 50 seconds before she finally stopped peeing, and she became much more aware of the sound of the room. It was perfectly clear that there was still a queue of desperate ladies waiting for relief, so she stood up and quickly pulled up her knickers, not wanting to hold up the queue any longer. It was only then she became aware of how wet thet were. As she pulled up her leggings it quickly became apparent she'd had a full blown accident in her desperate scramble to the loo. Grey leggings were absolutely the worst thing she could have worn too. there was a sizable wet patch around her crotch, but her ass was soaked, with lines running down the back of both of her legs.

She was almost in tears when she heard someone bang on her cubicle door. "Please let me in" begged the girl outside. Jen opened the door and was faced with the young girl she'd pushed aside doing the most frantic pee dance you've ever seen! "Oh, thankyou, fuck, pee now" she stammered as she pushed past her. An older woman started to shout at her about how disgusting she'd been, pushing a shoolgirl aside for her own gratification, but Patsy absolutely did not need to hear it. She knew how disgusting she'd been, she was mortified as she walked past the woman, who was still queuing herself. The scene was still chaos, but Jen hardly even cared as she wandered aimlessly out of the ladies.

Back in the hustle and bustle of the main services she immediately heard a young boy declare "That lady has wee'd herself", the wet spot on her leggings clearly painfully visible, so she dashed into the outdoor clothing shop and bought a pair of utility pants. It was the best she could find, and they were painfully overpriced, but she absolutely could not get back on the coach with everyone knowing she'd started to wet herself!

To be continued......

*013*2018-06-01 20:35

I am working on it Gemmy I promise. I have about 3 half written stories on the go, I don't know which order I will finish them in, but part 2 of this is over half done. I don't want to rush it, and I also want it to feel realistic. Happy with where I am at the moment, but not sure how I want it to develop. There will be lots of desperation though, I can promise you that!

*015*2018-06-01 20:47

I love it! Desperation is definitely my kink, and my stories, often based on real life events that I've witnessed, are really just me writing out some of my deepest fantasies. If I don't turn myself on writing them, they ain't getting posted. Sometimes I turn myself on too much, and they need doing over a few sittings. (Hope that isn't too much detail!). I have loads of ideas for endings, and need the right ones to fit the characters I create. Again, most are based on real girls that I know, so I imagine what I think they would do or how they would react in certain situations

*020*2020-04-03 19:51

{{11 hours ago, Rexone_312 said:

Beautiful one. The way you penned down the details of her rising desperation, especially towards the end when Patsy reached the toilets....Commendable!

Thank you for this story. Eagerly waiting for the next part!

}}

Thankyou, I am glad you enjoyed it. I have been writing part 2 for a long time. It is a struggle between getting the desperation right and keeping it realistic. It is a story I will return to though!

{{On 4/2/2020 at 4:08 PM, WiiGuy86 said:

Sorry to bump, but I often come back to this story and am still hoping for an update!

}}

I love that mine is one of the stories that you revisit! I have a few of those myself on this site. See my reply above. It is a story I do plan to return to. Sorry it is taking to long.

