Collaborative story: À La Cave

Author: Phentaiee

*000*2022-02-04 17:34

Hey! Been a while since I've posted anything here that wasn't Fill-Me, but me and @Bees wrote a story together! I am orange, he is blue. (I assume the colors show up?)

There is a while until the desperation starts, but it does start eventually, I promise!

(Also I know cave means cellar in French, but I thought the title was too good of a coincidence regardless)

“Come on… how come you made it so easily?” Said Em, a small, 20 year old girl, who was particularly frustrated with herself.

“Probably because I’m closer than you, haha! I just realized! You think that’s cheating?” The taller, bustier girl, named Ala said. She stepped back a bit, and tossed an empty water bottle toward a trash can that was across the room, from the cluttered table the two best friends stood beside. The bottle made it in cleanly, and Ala laughed.

“Looks like I’m just better!” She giggled. Em stuck out her tongue, focused on the trashcan, and tossed another bottle over, for it to miss.

“It doesn’t matter Em. You done packing?” Ala asked, stuffing a few items from the table into a backpack. Em turned around, and zipped up her backpack.

“Oh, wait! No I’m not!” She unzipped it again, and threw a few packaged granola bars in.

“Ah wait, if you’re worried about getting hungry, just bring a protein shake or something. It’ll fit better.” Ala said, handing her friend one.

“Oh, okay! Good thinking. This is gonna be so cool! Camping out in a cave… you sure we’re allowed to do this?” Em asked, zipping her backpack up for the fourth time today.

“Yeah, as long as we don’t ‘ruin’ it, which is vague enough that we should be fine. You didn’t bring spray cans, did you?” Ala asked.

“Oh, please! If either of us were going to vandalize it, it would be you!” Em joked. The two laughed. Ala grabbed a sack with a portable tent, and carried it along with her backpack.

The two loaded their things into Ala’s car, and started talking about the cave as they made sure they had everything.

“So… you think there’ll be colorful gems and crystals?” Em asked.

“I doubt it, those would have been collected. I’m sure there’ll be cool rock formations, though! Plus, camping in a cave is way cooler than in a forest or whatever!” Ala said.

“Yeah! No chance of a bear attack either!” Em said, sighing in relief.

“Like that would even happen!” Ala laughed. ||

Em laughed with her. Short for Emilie, she was a short, skinny French girl with light blonde hair that almost reached her ass. She had breasts that most would consider kind of small, but she didn’t mind so much. She wore black, thick-rimmed square glasses and for this trip, had on a white short-cut t-shirt and light purple shorts, as well as some comfortable running shoes. She didn’t want to go out in anything fancy that would just hurt her feet. She had a cute blue bow in her hair. She typically put something in her hair to spice up her look, as she was fairly into fashion. Her bra straps were peeking out the top of her t-shirt, just as white as the shirt itself. Her purple eyes sparkled in the sunlight as she laughed.

Ala looked down at her and smiled. She had always been the taller one, even when they were kids. Now 21, a year older than Em, that was still true. She was also busty. Bustier than she would like some days, since her breasts could get in the way, but she was overall happy with her G-cups. She was definitely born more naturally gifted than Emilie, although her pale skin, caused by her not going out much, was absolutely another noticeable difference. This was her first time camping in a while, whereas Em had done it multiple times before. Just… never in a cave.

Ala was wearing a yellow t-shirt, a darker colour than Em’s hair, though not by much. It had a dark blue trim that looked black in most lightings,and she had a skirt to match the trim, with white stripes going along it lengthways. On her feet, just some black sandals, nothing special.

Her striking blue hair was put up into 2 short pigtails. She also wasn’t wearing underwear, as was typical for her. She was not only overconfident, she was also flippant. Her philosophy was ‘They won’t see it. And if they do, who cares? It’s just a part of the body’.

“Y’know,” Em said, “You should be nice to me,” her high, accented voice told her tall friend, “Most of this equipment is mine.” She giggled. Ala did too.

“True, true,” she said, “But you needed me to help you reach it.”

“It’s not my fault you put it up so high when you needed to move it!!” Emilie complained. The two girls were roommates, so Em usually entrusted Ala to reach the shelves she couldn’t. The pale girl wasn’t MUCH taller, but there was a noticeable difference.

“Sounds like the excuse a short person would give,” Ala teased, booping the shorter girl on the nose. Em grumbled a bit, which they both laughed about as Em started the car.

They both agreed that Em should drive them to the campsite. Since Ala barely left the house, the car’s driver’s side settings were already tailored to Em’s height, and Ala didn’t really feel like adjusting it. They both drove, though Em’s car was in the garage since it had been raining, so they took Ala’s.

“You sure you don’t want to drive?” Em asked.

“Yeah,” Ala said, “You’re so short, I couldn’t squeeze myself into such a tight space.” She giggled.

“True,” Em said, “You’d be all squished in, it’d be funny to see… your boobs would touch the steering wheel!” She laughed. Ala laughed with her. They were good friends, they teased each other a lot, but they both knew it was in good fun.

They also had decided that they had to take the car to the campsite, since it was a little while from their house. Not TOO far, but they certainly wouldn’t have wanted to walk.

On their way, both girls talked with each other about all sorts of things - sports, camping, TV, even the other cars going along the road.

After about 10 minutes of driving, they finally arrived at the trail that had the cave. It wasn’t a forest, per se, but it had some trees going along the path until the cave, which was lesser known. The trail had a sign, but very few people ever even saw it, since it wasn’t visible from the road. It was a good thing Ala knew where to stop, because if they had kept going they would have missed it.

“Well, here we are!” Ala said, getting out of the car, Em following close behind. “And if it wasn’t for me, you would’ve missed it!” She said. Em stuck her tongue out at her and Ala laughed. “Alright, let’s go!” ||

The two grabbed their stuff from the car, the tent equipment, sleeping bags, a large pack of water bottles, some shakes, their backpacks… this was too much for one trip.

“It’s fine, let’s just bring half the stuff for now, and hope the other half doesn’t get stolen while we’re in there.” Ala said. The two walked, backpacks on their back, Ala holding the pack of water bottles, Em holding a speaker that she would play music from later. They walked toward the cave entrance.

“It’s awfully dark down there…” Em noticed.

“I brought a spotlight for us, we’ll be able to see. Well, it’s still in the car, but we’ll be able to see after the second trip.” Ala said. The two walked through the dark cave, Em shining her phone’s flashlight around. They both looked at the cave formations, stalactites above them, stalagmites around them, the walls were rough, but shiny.

“Do you know where we’re even going?” Em asked.

“Yep! I planned the area out in advance. There’s a large open area… this way!” Ala said, pivoting on the spot. Em nearly tripped to keep up with her.

The two reached the area, and Em giggled.

“What?” Ala asked.

“Well, you need to see to put up the tent, right?” Em asked.

“Ugghh, I see where you’re going with this.” Ala said. Em giggled again.

“So I get to stand here and watch while you put up the whole tent by yourself! Haha, shoulda brought the li~ight!” Em joked. Ala kneeled down, and started hammering the tent into a particularly soil-y area of cave floor. Em bit her lip, guiltily staring at Ala’s ass as she bent over. There wasn’t a draft down here, so Ala probably wasn’t thinking about the fact that she was flashing herself at her friend.

“Well, it’s up now. Let’s go get the rest of our things, alright?” Ala said, standing up, and wiping her forehead, as if she just did a lot of work.

“Hey Ala… you know how you were bent over setting up that tent?” Em said, snickering.

“Yeah?”

“And… how you don’t usually wear underwear?” Em giggled. Ala’s eyes opened wide, and her face flushed red. Em laughed, Ala smiled.

“Oh well, I’m sure you probably enjoyed yourself then, huh? Are your panties wet?” Ala asked, reaching over and pulling Em’s pants down.

“H-hey!! They aren’t, thank you very much! If you want them to be, you’re gonna have to do more than just bend down!” Em said. Ala smirked, as Em pulled her pants up. The two weren’t necessarily dating, as much as they were friends who were open about how cute they thought the other was, how they get turned on by each other, and hang out all the time, and live together… not dating at all!

They both got back to the car, and grabbed the rest of their stuff.

“Are we just gonna leave it here? What if it rains again?” Em asked.

“Ehhh, it’ll be fine. The cave entrance is too small for a car anyway. We don’t really have a choice.” Ala said. She took a sip from a bottle of water she brought with her.

“I could totally dump this whole bottle on the car, and it would be fine.” Ala said.

“Pff! That’s… not even close to getting rained on, stupid!” Em said, giggling. Ala gave her a playful shove, knocking her to the ground. Em leaned forward, looking upwards.

“Hey! I didn’t shove you so you could look up my skirt!” Ala said, covering herself and stepping back. Em laughed, and stood back up. ||

“Well, you certainly make it inviting~!” Em cooed, making Ala blush a little more, giving her a playful punch in the arm. The two chuckled and walked back into the cave, returning to the spot they had set up their tent.

“So, what do you think is in this cave?” Em asked, “I mean, besides what we can see, of course.”

“I don’t know,” Ala admitted, “Maybe we’ll see some bats later tonight?”

“Oh, that would be great!” Em said, a smile coming across her face. She was always fascinated by nature and wild animals. She would often take hikes in the French wilderness before she even met Ala, this was definitely more her kind of thing than Ala’s.

“Hey, Al,” Em said.

“Hm?” Ala looked at her. “What is it?” she asked.

Emilie was giggling, stifling a full-on laugh as she said, “I thought you wanted to get out more to be less pale, if anything living in a cave will make you MORE of a vampire!” She laughed. Ala punched her in the arm again, playfully.

“Hey, at least I can touch the top of the cave!” The taller girl giggled, doing just that.

“Hey, I can too!” Em said, reaching up, and jumping, so she just barely grazed the top of the cave. Ala laughed.

“Nicely done.” The giggles continued.

“Whatever,” Em said, before grabbing some water bottle for both of them. Handing one to Ala, both girls walked further into the cave, lighting the way as they went.

“Oooh, look!” Ala called out, pointing at something.

“What?” Em asked, “What is it?” She brought the flashlight towards it and noticed an interesting rock formation. Taking a large sip of water, she smiled and observed it. “Ooooh…” She took some pictures, then stood up, and the two continued to walk.

After a little while of walking, joking, and noting any pretty rocks they saw, Ala realized something. “Hey Em?” she asked.

“Yeah?” Em asked.

“Uh… did we remember to leave a trail or anything back to our tent?”

“Of course we…” Em’s face went blank. “...Nom de Dieu!” She exclaimed, looking around with the flashlight.

“Hey, it’ll be fine!” Ala said, “How big could this cave be, really?”

“Well, we’ve been walking for 35 minutes, according to my phone,” Em said, looking at the time her phone displayed, “And there’s still more left… so I think TOO big is the answer.”

“I’m sure we can find our way back,” Ala said.

“How?” Em asked, “Every part of this cave looks the same.”

“Well, I’m sure we’ll find a way… somehow…” Ala looked around. Unfortunately, Em was right. It looked pretty much identical to every other part of the cave. “We should look for notable rock formations, we’ve found a couple of those, right?”

“Yeah,” Em said, taking a deep breath. “We’ll be fine… J'espère.” ||

The two walked, Em looking around for notable rock formations, Ala grabbing another water bottle from her backpack. Em left hers by the tent.

“Can I have a bottle of water? Désolé, I left my backpack at the tent.” Em requested. Ala smiled and handed one to her.

“What time is it?” Ala asked. Em swiped downward on the phone she was using as a flashlight.

“7:03. Why?” Em asked.

“Ah, just wondering. Hmmm… if we don’t find our tent, we may have to just lay down on the ground.” Ala said.

“Hmmm… that might not be too bad, I know what I’m using as a pillow!” Em said, poking Ala’s large chest.

“Hey! Cut that out!” Ala said, blushing.

“Be honest… do you really want me to cut that out?” Em asked. Ala turned redder, laughing nervously.

“That’s what I thought…” Em said, using her finger to trace a circle around where one of Ala’s nipples would be. She took another sip from her water, and got back to looking.

“Well… I definitely recognize all of these, but that’s because this is where we just came from… I think we’re going in circles.” Em said. Ala looked around.

“What do we do if we can’t find our way out?” Ala asked.

“Well… let’s not be hasty! We came here to camp out anyway, so it’s not like we’re in a rush to leave! I’d like to get to the tent, but we’re not much worse off, right? If we get lost for a few days… we’ll probably have to call 911… but let’s not do that yet!!” Em said. Ala nodded.

“Yeah, that feels unnecessary. We’ll find the tent soon!” She said, looking to the side, guiltily.

‘I have to do everything I can to keep us on this level, though. Em doesn’t realize we’re deeper down, she’ll never find the tent here. As long as we stay on this level…’

“Hey, this looks familiar! You think it’s down this corridor?” Em asked.

“Hmmm… maybe! Let’s check!” ||

The duo walked in circles. Ala knew exactly where the exit was. She saw it a few times, but didn’t say anything. She hoped that Em wouldn’t panic, but she was known for being fairly calm under pressure. She maybe got mad sometimes, but that was mainly due to her clumsiness.

“Hmm…” Em looked over at Ala. “I can’t seem to find anything this way.” She looked at the time again. “It’s been another 20 minutes!” She was starting to feel the need to pee, but wanted to wait until they were out. She didn’t bring it up yet, instead trying to distract herself by thinking about what was under Ala’s skirt.

Ala was starting to feel the need too, but she didn’t mention it either. She was waiting for a particular moment to do so. She smiled, looking down at her roommate, friend, and DEFINITELY NOT lover, walking over and playing with her hair a bit.

“How do you keep this so nice?” she asked.

“Oh,” Em blushed, “You know how, you’ve seen my shampoo!”

“I can’t use that stuff,” Ala said.

“Why?” Em asked, “Because it freezes if it reaches high altitudes?” She giggled.

“Nah,” Ala smirked, “Because my hair’s not built like yours,” she said, “It tangles.”

“Yeah, I’m really lucky,” Em said. She pressed her legs together a bit, making Ala blush. She really hoped that if she got wet it wouldn’t be too obvious. It might drip down onto the cave floor. They might trip over it. She blushed harder at the thought, but didn’t let Em see. The duo kept walking, Em trying not to let on that she had to piss, and Ala trying to get her as desperate as she could, trying not to drip cum onto the cave floor.

“Ngh… w-we’ve been going in circles for deux heures!” Em complained, her knees buckling a little.

“I know,” Ala said, “Maybe we should stop and rest. Here, you want some water?” she asked.

Em squirmed. “N-no thanks! I’m over-hydrated already.”

“You sure?” Ala asked.

“Yes, I’m sure!” Em told her.

“Well then,” Ala shrugged, “More for me!”

‘It’ll all end up in the same place anyway,’ she thought, as she finished the bottle. ||

Em kept searching, trying to look for different branches to go into, but continued not making progress. There was a point where she almost went upwards, but Ala pointed out that the cave was in a mountain, and that probably led to an even higher level. Em agreed, not wanting to introduce even more confusion, or possibile wrong routes.

Ala sighed.

“What time is it now? Probably around 9, right? I think we should just call it quits for today, and sleep. Maybe we’ll see some light tomorrow morning that can lead us out.” Ala said. She made sure from a previous visit that this wasn’t the case.

“Nnn… I really want to find the tent before going to sleep…” Em asked. Ala could see that she was desperate, she wasn’t doing a good job of hiding it at all. Ala’s panties would have been more than damp if she was wearing any. She even noticed a few drops on the ground as they circled.

“It seems pretty unlikely. We should just take a rest.” Ala said, her own legs getting pretty tired. Not to mention, she probably had to pee even more than Em did, but unlike the short french girl, was actually hiding it well.

Em bounced in place. “N-No, I c-can’t just rest here, we need to get back to the tent!!” Em whined. Ala smirked.

“Why? You seemed so eager to use my breasts as a pillow, why the change of heart?” Ala asked, pushing her chest out a bit, flaunting her gifted breasts. Em stared, but turned around quickly. Her hands twitched occasionally. She bounced up and down when she wasn’t walking.

“Haha… are you too desperate to admit you have to pee?” Ala asked. Em frowned.

“I…I-I just didn’t think I needed to bring it up!!” Em said, finally grabbing herself, now that the secret was out.

“That’s unfortunate, but we need to sleep. We’re too tired to make any progress. We’ll look tomorrow morning.” Ala said. Em bounced in place, not trying to hide her desperation any more.

“You aren’t the kind of person to wet the bed, are you? I’d rather you didn’t pee on me!” Ala said, though… Em losing control all over her would be super hot…

“I won’t! Hah… it’s just… a bit uncomfortable!” Em said, bouncing on one leg.

“A bit, huh?” Ala said, smirking.

“Oh, don’t act all tough just because you don’t have to pee! Trust me, with all the water you drank, you’ll have to go by tomorrow morning for sure! Certitude!” Em said. Ala shrugged.

“I’ll just hold it and not complain. Now…” Ala laid down on the cave floor. “You wanna just lay down, or spoon?” Ala teased, seeing the frustration in Em’s face. ||

“Spoon? W-with a full bladder? I’m not sure that’s a great idea,” she said, thinking about Ala’s arms wrapped around her, accidentally squeezing her bladder. Ala was thinking about the same thing, only hers wasn’t accidental.

“Besides,” Em continued, reaching over and flipping Ala’s skirt up, “Then I won’t get to stare at your pussy!”

“So you HAVE been staring!” Ala said. “Well, makes sense, it’s at about face level for you,” she joked, patting Em’s head condescendingly. Em stuck her tongue out at her.

“H-hey, give me a break! J'ai besoin de pisser!” Em told her.

“It’s so cute when you slip into French,” Ala said, giggling. She got down on the cave floor and patted the floor beside her. “C’mon,” she said, “If you stay up ogling me all night, you won’t get enough sleep.”

“True,” Em said, laying down beside her friend, kicking her shoes off to at least try and make herself more comfortable.

“There we go,” Ala said, wrapping her arms around the smaller girl, “Isn’t that so much nicer?” she asked. Laying down, being horizontal, meant that she could much more easily hide how wet she was getting from Em’s desperation.

Em was squirming, holding herself, breathing deeply and shakily, and overall being cute about how desperate she was. It was like she knew, and was playing it up for Ala. But Ala never told Em about her fetish, so there was no way she could’ve known. The absolute heaven of Emilie holding a huge tank full of pee, spooning with her, and squirming hard.

Ala soon fell asleep, dreaming of the two being on a river, Emilie naked, whimpering, squirming hard, her legs crossed over each other, begging her to let her piss, but she just shook her head, pouring a bottle of water out in front of her, making the smaller girl whimper… the cutest sound of all…

Ala woke up cumming. She put a hand over her mouth to stifle the loud moan she was about to release. She shook as she orgasmed, realizing something.

She had been pressing her hand against Em’s bladder.

She had *actually* produced that whimper.

That made it even hotter!

She finally finished cumming and looked at Em’s face. Still asleep. She sighed in relief, looking at the floor. It was pitch black, it must’ve been 2-3 am, so she couldn’t tell if anything was visible. She’d find out in the morning. She went back to sleep again, Em’s head resting gently on her massive chest. ||

Em awoke, inhaling sharply and suddenly. Her hands shot down between her legs. Her eyes closed, her teeth pressed against each other, her legs pressed against each other, she gripped tightly with her sphincter muscles, as she felt her desperation for the first time since last night. Some of her dreams were desperate, but it wasn’t a huge deal generally. She felt the need for the first time in hours, and had a tough time holding the pee back at first.

Ala was woken up by Em’s struggle. Ala’s eyes opened wide as she felt her own bladder act up. She put a hand between her legs, struggling along with Em for a moment. After about 20 seconds, Em exhaled deeply.

“I need to go so baaad!! And you do too, clearly!!” Em said, seeing Ala holding herself.

Ala nodded. “I do need to pee, yeah…” she tried downplaying it, but it was obvious she was very desperate. She was still holding on desperately, even as Em calmed back down.

“Oh! One of us leaked in our sleep!” Em said, noticing a puddle on the ground by them. Ala blushed, but hid her face. She moved back a bit, and Em noticed a few strings of liquid sticking to her. In fact, there was a darker stain on her skirt.

“Oh, it was definitely you! Haha, I told you you’d be desperate!” Em said. She then realized something was strange regarding the puddle. She looked back down, focusing on the strings.

“Why… what? That’s not… w-wait… Ala? What’s…?” Em turned to her friend, who blushed deeply. Em had a huge smile on her face.

“I must have rubbed against your breasts… or touched your chatte or something, right?” Em asked. Ala sighed.

“I… I guess now is as good a time as ever…” she said. If she was honest with herself, she wasn’t as nervous, or embarrassed… as she was excited.

“I… have a fetish, for… pee holding.” Ala said. Em’s eyes opened wide. A huge smile formed on her face.

“Y-you mean this is turning you on? Waouh!! Incroyable! J-Je suis vraiment enthousiaste!!” Em exclaimed. Ala smiled happily.

“I’m glad you’re okay with it!! I was a little worried you’d be grossed out by it…” she said. At this point, both girls, while squirming, had composed themselves.

“I’m just happy to turn you on! I don’t have anything, like énorme breasts… to do so otherwise…” Em said. Ala ruffled her hair.

“You’re really sweet, and cute… and horny… that’s enough, really!” Ala said. The two smiled at each other for a bit, both squirming, and holding themselves.

“Ooh!! What if we… hold each other?” Em asked. Ala blushed hard, eyes widening.

“You mean…” Ala took her hand away, feeling the pressure on the other side, with nothing holding it back, before she felt Em’s hand reach over, and grab at Ala’s pussy. Em took her hand away from herself, and Ala hesitated, before sticking it between Em’s legs. Ala felt Em’s hand against her bare skin, where Em was still wearing her shorts. They looked into each other’s eyes.

For a moment, Ala thought about her plan. She and Em were having an honest, open moment with each other, and Ala couldn’t stop thinking about the fact that she was still lying to Em. She was the reason they hadn’t left yet, and were both desperate… and still had more planned. For a moment, while staring into her friend's eyes, Ala considered dropping the plan.

Then Em started rubbing Ala’s clit.

“HAH!!! E-Em!! Nnnn… n-now’s n-not the t-time!!! I-I’m gonna e-explode!!” Ala yelled, taking her hand away from Em’s pussy, and shoving both between her legs. Em gasped, and reached both of her hands between her legs as well.

“I… I am t-too!!” Em said. She closed her eyes, clenched her teeth, trying to regain her composure.

“N-no, it’s okay, I overreacted…” Ala admitted.

“N-no, I-I really am!! L-letting go there… w-when I w-wasn’t e-expecting it!! I-I c-can’t hold it!!” Em whined. Ala hesitated for a moment, but reached beside her, into her backpack, and decided to enact her plan early. She took a plug out from the backpack. Em’s eyes were closed, her face a bit scrunched, as she focused on trying to keep her pee in. Ala clenched her own muscles tightly, and took her other hand away from herself, and pulled Em’s shorts down.

“Q-Qu- w-what are you d-doing?!” Em yelled, as Ala pulled down on her panties. Ala saw pee about to rush out just as she pressed the plug into place. Em squealed.

“Q-QU’EST-CE QUE C’EST?!”

The two breathed heavily, Ala returned her hands to her crotch, Em started down in confusion.

“W-What did you j-just do?!” Em asked. Ala exhaled.

“Well… when I’m holding, I can put this plug in… it stops the pee.” Ala said.

“B-but… I-I still have to pee!!! It’s just pushing against the plug!!” Em said, bouncing up and down.

“Right, I use it when holding pee… if I didn’t feel it anymore, there wouldn’t be any point…” Ala said. She placed a hand on Em’s shoulder to calm her down. She breathed heavily a few times.

“So… does this mean this has been in your chatte?” Em asked.

“Yes, that’s been in my… chot.” Ala admitted. Em giggled.

“And I bet you get pretty horny while using it…” Em said, rubbing around the edge of the plug. Ala smiled.

“You know, in the future, if you want me to give you a dildo coated in my juices, you can just ask…” Ala offered. Em blushed hard, but smiled and nodded.

“Aren’t you gonna plug yourself?” Em asked. A wave of guilt washed over Ala. Her plan. If she was being honest, she felt bad…

“No, I only have one plug…” Ala said. She crossed her legs. Em smirked.

“So… I can tease you and make you wet yourself, then?” Em asked, scooting over a bit to be right beside Ala. Ala’s guilt started to fade. ||

“Maybe by making water sounds?” she asked, smirking. She got up and walked over to Ala’s backpack, and grabbed an exposed water bottle from the top, swishing it around, making Ala gasp and hold herself tighter. She noticed Em’s legs buckle from her doing it and smirked.

“Y-you know, you might make yourself explode before you do it to me!” Ala giggled.

“Je m'en fiche,” Em replied, “It’ll be worth it!”

“A-are you into this too?” Ala asked.

“The h-holding?” Em asked, “Not so much, t-to be perfectly honest, but… the sight of you squirming, the bigger girl not being able to control herself, ready to lose it at any moment… I don’t know why, b-but… even though I’m not into pee holding, this is really hot.”

“Wow,” Ala smiled. “To prove you’re serious, why don’t you drink that whole thing?” she asked, “Right now?”

Em started chugging the water. She didn’t know why she was doing it, she was about to explode! The last thing she needed was more water! But she figured, if her friend, roommate, whatever they wanted to go by, wanted to see her hold her pee, get this desperate, and do it herself, all for the purpose of sexual gratification, well… what kind of perverted Frenchwoman would she be if she denied her tall, blue-haired friend this opportunity?

She emptied the water bottle, immediately feeling the effect on her bladder, groaning a bit as she looked at Ala. “Y-you’d better be enjoying this, Ala, I feel l-like a fucking water balloon!”

“Good,” Ala said, smiling. “Ohh god, I can barely hold it… a-and it’s harder for me… you’re lucky, even without that plug it’d be easier ‘cause you’ve got those shorts!”

“That’s true,” Em giggled, “Your eternal hatred for underwear has left you unable to have anything to catch the piss… if you leak, it’ll be going all over the floor!” Em smiled.

“Hey, are you able to stand?” Em asked. Ala prepared herself, and slowly, carefully got to her feet. Em smiled. She walked over to her and slapped her bare ass, making Ala gasp and leak. It was a mixture of pee and cum.

“E-Emmmmm!!!” She moaned, her legs buckling as her eyes closed. She didn’t care, as a red mark was forming on her ass from the spank, she had decided. It was time to enact her plan. If she didn’t, she was going to form a puddle all over the cave floor. ||

Ala, on her knees, felt the immense pressure of the pee pounding against her pussy. Every moment she stalled, hesitated, and just didn’t do her plan, was a moment she risked losing control, and flooding the cave. She had more pee in her than Em did, she was bound to burst any moment, and Em was just going to keep teasing her.

Plus, she had been planning to do this for months. Ever since her and Em first admitted they liked each other. That very night, Ala and Em stared at each other, in their beds, from across the room in their apartment. The two had their first kiss earlier that day, in a release of tensions that had been building since they were teens. The two best friends weren’t sure where to take it. Would they be a couple? That felt weird. They’d always been friends, why not just be friends… who like each other?

While sitting on their couch together, they were both enjoying and laughing at the movie they were watching, when they both looked at each other, smiles on their faces, excitement in their emotions, and Em leaned closer in. Ala couldn’t believe her eyes. Em retreated a bit, but Ala could clearly see that she was going in for a kiss. Had she thought about this before? Ala leaned closer herself. She puckered her lips. Em gasped, a huge smile formed on her face, and she practically dove into Ala, kissing her passionately. Em laid on top of Ala, staring into her eyes, for quite some time afterwards. They paused the movie, and focused entirely on each other.

“H…how long have you felt this way?” Ala asked.

“I can’t even remember… but… sometimes it’s all I can think of when I see you… I know we’re friends, but… I love you, and… you’re très hot!!” Em responded. Ala leaned her head forward and gave Em a quick kiss.

“I just… didn’t expect it… I didn’t think you shared my feelings…” Ala said. Em hugged her friend. The two spent the rest of the day talking about future relationship plans, and eventually decided that they wanted to keep everything the same, stay friends like usual, but with kisses, and compliments.

But, just a few hours later, that very night, both girls laid in their bed, horny. Em wanted to sleep with Ala and feel her up all night. Ala immediately thought of her favorite fetish… she imagined Em desperate to pee, maybe even extremely desperate. She saw the cute blonde plugged, with a bulging bladder, and the thought drove her wild.

She had been planning this trip, knowing Em liked camping, and knowing she could keep Em away from a toilet for a while. But her goal had evolved beyond plugging.

She was likely only moments away from peeing herself. Landing on the ground, Em was about to do something. Ala didn’t know what it was, but she knew Em was about to make her lose it. So she didn’t give her the chance.

Ala turned toward her backpack, and reached in. Em stopped for a moment, watching Ala. Ala felt it, and pulled it out of the backpack. She turned toward Em, and smacked her abdomen, where her bladder was. Em cried out, falling to the ground as her legs momentarily failed. Ala pulled her skirt down, and set it aside. She pulled Em’s shorts down again.

“W-Why are y-you b-being so… s-systematic r-right now? W-what’s going on?” Em asked. Ala pulled Em’s panties down again, and removed her plug.

“AAHH!!! N-NO!! I-I can’t k-keep it in!” Em yelled. Ala showed her other hand from behind her back, holding a kitchen funnel. She inserted it into Em, where the plug just was. Em’s eyes widened. Her mouth opened in a gasp.

“n-no…” Em whimpered, realizing exactly what was about to happen.

Ala squatted down, and sighed.

“I only have one plug, Em, but we aren’t allowed to ‘ruin’ the cave, remember?” Ala asked. Em stared in horror. Ala relaxed herself, and the pee she had been accumulating since this time yesterday rushed out. It splattered against the plastic funnel, swirling inwards, and entering Em’s bladder. She gasped as she felt the pee start entering.

“AAAAH!! N-NO!!” Em yelled, feeling her bladder filling rapidly. Ala felt joy, in both the relief of emptying herself, and in her plan finally starting. Ala watched as Em’s bladder grew and stretched, hearing her pee splatter against the funnel, hearing all of the cute sounds Em made, watching a bump form on Em’s abdomen, and seeing it grow. Em’s legs were shaking, Ala held her in place to make sure her pee found its destination. After a while, Ala let the last bit of pee in her bladder trickle out, and sighed. She removed the funnel, and re-inserted Em’s plug. Em was speechless. Ala watched Em shake, twitch, clench her fists, tremble, her lip quivered… she couldn’t even respond yet, her brain hadn’t quite caught up.

“Em… how does it feel to be the cutest toilet in the world?” Ala asked, with the biggest smile on her face. ||

“T-toilet!?” Em asked, loudly. “I-I’m gonna explode!” she yelled.

“Shh! You want this place to collapse?” Ala asked.

“W-what I want is to leave, s-so at least if I do explode, you c-can bring me to a toilet! Or a hospital!”

“Oh, you’ll be fine!” Ala smiled, poking the girl’s bulging organ.

“Eek! What makes you say that!?”

“I’m sure we’ll find a way out,” Ala said. “I’m confident!” She smiled, picking her up and hugging her tightly, Em letting her do it only because she knew she was into it.

“H-heh, Ala?” she asked.

“Yeah?” Ala responded.

“B-be careful… don’t make a mess on the cave floor.” She giggled.

Ala felt herself dripping and blushed. “Oh… r-right…” She chuckled, looking down at the floor. It was getting a little sticky. “Whoops, um…”

“Hey, I can’t blame you,” Em said, tracing a finger up and down the larger girl’s breasts, “Imagine if your cute bursting blonde-haired friend got down on all fours, pressing down against the floor with her bulging bladder…”

She leaned in close and whispered in Ala’s ear.

“...And started licking you silly!”

Ala gasped and tried not to cum just from the talk alone.

“...I’m not gonna do that though,” Em said, “N-not yet, at least… I need t-to get more used to this feeling first, because right now, it feels like I’m going to die!” She chuckled.

“Oh, you’ll be fine!” Ala said, picking her skirt back up. Em started putting her shorts back on too, though she wasn’t sure they’d fit her anymore… though the waistband was pretty stretchy, so she hoped that it would stretch over, and luckily it did.

“Well, shall we k-keep going?” Em asked, trying not to go over-the-top with how horribly desperate she was… she’d save that for later.

“Of course!” Ala smiled, wrapping an arm around the cute French girl as they kept walking.

After a few minutes, she smirked and got an idea. “Boy, am I thirsty!” She started drinking some water, then smiled at Em. “Want some?” she asked.

“V-very funny,” she said. “...Though I am a little thirsty, now that you mention it…” She hated holding in all of her pee… or at least normally she would, but knowing Ala liked it made her like it too, because she loved making Ala happy.

She took the water bottle, chugging it down. “Ahhh… there we go! Now to see how long until I pop!” She giggled. Ala was wide-eyed, she could barely control herself, but she just nodded.

“Um, y-yeah! Hey listen, let’s, uhhh, let’s k-keep going, huh?”

Em nodded and the two walked, Em’s tremendous bulge trembling and sloshing as they did. ||

Ala didn’t take her eyes off of Em’s bladder. The blonde was actually making more of an effort to compose herself than beforehand. She kept a smile on her face, but Ala could see her stiff legs moving forcibly forward as they walked. Em was trembling, clenching her fists, clearly in a great amount of pain…

But she was accepting. Ala never could have imagined this outcome. She knew she was going to force her pee into Em, but for Em to be okay with it… Ala couldn’t believe it. Em loved Ala, genuinely. She wouldn’t put up with this, shouldn’t put up with this! Ala was just planning to get a one-time piss balloon, when Em didn’t have a choice, but now… maybe she’d hold for her more often?

Ala put her arm around Em, who looked up at her with a smile on her face.

“Um… so you’ve used a p-plug before… how long b-before I risk p-popping?” Em asked.

“Oh, you were serious? You won’t pop! Don’t worry. You’ll just keep stretching… bigger… and bigger… until you can’t carry around the weight of your own pee!” Ala said. She took her hand away from Em’s shoulder, slowly lowering it, and starting to caress Em’s bladder bump. She whimpered, even Ala’s gentle touch was tough to handle.

“You’re taking this surprisingly well, Em! I’m surprised you can even walk!” Ala said. Em smirked.

“It’s not like I’m worried about it coming out! I can handle anything, really! The only reason I was so scared earlier was because I could’ve lost control, or thought I would’ve popped!” Em said. She felt her bladder pounding, constantly pleading with her, aching, weakening her legs, making it hard to walk, or focus. She smiled through it. She needed to pee more than she could have ever imagined… but she didn’t have to seem desperate around Ala, maybe she’d tease her for a bit…

“I don’t even really feel it anymore. Maybe you should just take the p-plug out, if you want me to be desperate, I need some kind of risk, right?” Em asked, sweating nervously.

“Ha, you just want to empty yourself! I’m not taking that plug out!” Ala said, giving Em’s bladder a flick. Em hid her face, as her eyes widened, and almost tripped from her legs wanting to give out. She didn’t have to show it.

“Ala, I’m not even desperate anymore. Maybe the pee numbed me?” Em lied. Ala smiled. She knew exactly what Em was doing. She had to break her. They weren’t leaving this cave until Em begged for mercy. ||

“Right, of course,” Ala said, nonchalantly. The two kept walking and Em looked over at her.

“Oh, Em,” Ala smiled, “Did you want something?”

“N-no, I’m good!” She said, “Just… looking at you.”

“Well that’s good, because I’m looking at you too. And you look like you need a hug!” She smiled and picked her up.

“W-wait, hold on…” Em tried to talk, but before she could continue any further than that, Ala squeezed her tightly. Her bladder compressed, she really did feel, even if she wasn’t, like she was about to pop. She gasped, as the pressure and pain skyrocketed to not-before-felt levels. At least, not felt by her. “O-oh mon Dieu…” Em squeaked out.

“Heh…” Ala put her down. “How did that feel?” she asked. Em breathed heavily, even panting at one point, then looked at her.

“F-fine!” She managed, somehow, to compose herself, “J-just fine!” She held herself, her bladder ready to shoot piss everywhere like a fire hose, but of course she knew the plug wouldn’t let that happen.

“So,” Ala said, taking yet another drink, “Feel like giving up?”

“G-giving up?” Em asked, “What do y-you mean?”

“Y’know,” Ala said, “Giving into your urges… dancing around, squirming, begging me to let you piss…”

“Why would I-I do that?” she asked, “I-I don’t have t-to pee…” She said. She knew that, despite doing it unintentionally, the slight quiver in her voice was turning Ala on. She knew Em was unsteady, but Em refused to show it.

“Well, let me know when you do… I might have to soon,” she smirked over at her makeshift toilet, who blushed and tried to cover her face with shaky hands. If she didn’t have the plug in, she was certain she’d be empty by now. And she didn’t even want to know how long she would’ve been going for… although, she did think of something…

“Hey, Ala!” Em said.

“Yeah?” she asked.

“Well… w-when I do eventually need to piss… maybe I won’t b-be able to…”

“Why not?” Ala questioned.

“B-because,” she said, trying not to think about the horrible pain that was building, “I-if I did, the pressure o-of the stream might cause a rockslide!”

Ala nearly came. She was right. If she did start peeing with tremendous pressure, she might cause something to collapse.

“Well,” Ala said, “I guess you’ll just have to hold it then. At any cost.” She smirked and slapped the blonde’s bladder.

“Oww!” Em stopped for a second. “Ce n'est pas juste!” She briefly grabbed onto her bladder, her legs trembling, her knees weak, as she looked at Ala.

“Wow, that really affected you, didn’t it?” Ala asked. Em nodded.

“Y-yeah…” Em smiled, “And m-my desperation’s affecting you, too.”

“Maybe!!” she said, though she knew, with her lack of panties, it would be pretty obvious if she was lying. ||

Em groaned, and quickly attempted to hide her pain.

“I’d like to have been listening to music right now! With my radio!” She complained, focusing hard to not stutter over any words.

“I don’t know, your whimpering is the best thing I’ve ever heard…” Ala teased. Em frowned.

“Am I whimpering? Maybe it’s because I’m frustrated with how long we’ve been down here!” Em yelled.

“I wish we were up there as well, but there may be a silver lining!” Ala said.

“Really?”

“Well, there wouldn’t be much of a reason for you to be this full if we could just pee in the woods!” Ala joked. Em slapped her.

“Ooh, losing your patience, huh? I thought you were so accepting of this! I’m turned on by it, why aren’t you happy all of the sudden?” Ala asked. Em looked back. She was getting herself worked up over this. She could be desperate in front of Ala. Why was she even trying to hide it? Ala was into it!

Ala stopped, and kneed Em right in the bladder. She yelled in pain.

“Ha! I knew that would get you!” Ala said.

“Anyone would yell from getting knee-d, blaireau!” Em yelled. She scoffed. She wasn’t gonna give Ala the satisfaction of knowing how desperate she was. She stood up straight, hands to her sides, and relaxed. Her bladder acted up, but Em tried her absolute best not to show it. She walked forward normally. Ala’s eyes widened.

‘W-wait… is she actually… fine? No, she’s just pretending… she can’t be!’ Ala thought. But Em was convincing.

“If you’re really fine, then you can lay down… on your bladder, and put your arms and legs out. Only someone who didn’t have to pee could do that.” Ala said. Em laughed nervously.

“If you need confirmation that I have to pee, clearly I don’t have to go that bad, right?” Em asked. Ala yelled in frustration.

“Your bladder is the size of your head!! Why do you think you can pretend you’re fine! You’re clearly bursting!” Ala yelled. Em smiled. She got her.

“Ala, maybe your bladder’s just small.” Em said. Ala smacked Em’s bladder. Em squealed.

“Em, stop trying. You have to pee and we both know it.” Ala said.

“I really don’t-“ Em started, before Ala pushed her quickly from behind. Em gasped, and tried to catch herself, but fell directly forward, on her bladder. She screamed, her arms shooting between her legs.

“F-FINE!! I… I have to pee! Y-you happy now?!” Em asked. Ala shook her head, and grabbed a bottle of water from her backpack. She started chugging it, Em staring at her as she got up.

“If you were able to pretend, and be that convincing about it, you clearly aren’t full enough. Not even close.” Ala said, grabbing another bottle from her backpack. ||

“W-wait…” she said, “You’re not gonna…?”

Ala nodded. “I sure am,” She smirked and handed her the bottle. “Drink up! Be sure to drink the whole thing, and do it quickly!”

Em smiled. “H-happy to!” She was honestly not that happy to, but it was worth it to see Ala so happy. She grabbed the water and chugged it down, gulp by gulp, looking at Ala now and then as she did so.

“That’s more like it!” Ala smiled and patted her friend’s head, making Em blush. Once the blonde was finished, she tossed the empty bottle aside and looked up at her.

“There, happy?” she asked.

“Hmmm, not quite,” Ala said. “I need to pee.”

“W-what!?” Em asked, “Tu ne peux pas être sérieux!”

“I’m serious,” she said, “Get on the ground.”

“Ngh… c-can’t you wait a little longer!?” Em asked.

“You seem quite eager to get out of this,” Ala said, “It’s honestly kinda hot.”

“Good!” Em said, “I-I want to please you!” Her knees buckled again, and she collapsed onto her butt.

“Heh…” Ala smiled. “You’re adorable. Now then…” She giggled and lightly pushed her friend to the ground. Em naturally spread her legs. “You ready?” Ala asked. Em nodded and Ala pulled the plug out and quickly put the funnel in. Even still Em had lost a spurt. Not a HUGE one, but there was some on the ground.

“Aah, sorry!” Em said.

“No problem,” Ala smiled, “That’ll be the last spurt though.” She chuckled and stood above the funnel, soon peeing into it. It felt amazing. Not only because she was emptying, but also because Em was filling. Emilie’s bladder was already bulging out away from her body, but this was bringing it to the next level.

Em had never felt pain like this. She needed to empty out, but instead all she was getting was more in. Her bladder had never been stretched this much, the pressure had never been this high. She whimpered loudly, Ala finding that extremely hot. She didn’t move, though, or at least, no more than the constant shaking her body was doing.

Finally Ala was done and took the funnel out, replacing it quickly with the plug, though Em lost another spurt. “S-sorry,” she said.

“No problem,” Ala told her, “Just means you’ll need to replace it.” She shook a bottle of water in front of her, making her nearly scream.

“O-okay, I’ll drink it, j-just stop shaking it!!”

“Oh my… this is a powerful tool now, isn’t it?” Ala beamed.

“I-I-I…” Em looked up at her. “H-how desperate w-would I h-have to get f-for you t-to let me release?” she asked.

“You’re not releasing until we leave,” she said, “But… I might know where the exit is…”

“Y-you do!?” Em smiled. “Great, let’s go!”

“Hold on,” Ala said. “I have one more request.”

“R-request!?” the bursting girl asked, her legs crossing to prove her point, “I’m gonna explode!”

I do recall a certain conversation about a certain bursting cutie getting on her hands and knees and licking me…”

Em sighed, getting on all fours. “Okay, but you’d b-better hurry up and finissais.” She got closer, and Ala got very, very excited. ||

Ala pulled her skirt up, revealing her lower half to Em… who had been peeking at it every chance she got anyway. Ala didn’t always wear a skirt, but she noticed Em was extra clumsy when she did, falling down more often than usual…

Em crawled over to Ala. Really, she absolutely wanted to do this, she would love to lick Ala like this in any other circumstance… but all she could focus on was her bladder! The pain she felt, from the aching, bursting, bulging piss tank was unreal. It fogged her mind, and there was no way she could truly enjoy invading her friend’s privates with her tongue. Her arms shook. She could barely keep herself in the position. Her legs kicked at the ground. She could barely see straight. Ala skirked, looking down at her, and let go of the skirt, letting it flap down over top of Em.

“H-hey! D-don’t you wanna see this cutie in action?” Em asked. Ala giggled.

“I don’t really need to see it, and can’t be bothered to hold the skirt up. I’d rather just stand here… and chill for a bit. The cave really is relaxing, wouldn’t you say?” Ala asked. Em whimpered, feeling anything but relaxed with the pressure of several liters of piss futility attempting to break free. She felt her bladder pounding.

She needed to get this done, quickly. She can ask Ala to let her do it again some other time, and properly enjoy it, and take her time. She just needed to satisfy Ala, and let them leave.

She started licking. Ala moaned immediately.

“Ohhh… this is great… jay ami!” Ala moaned. Em wasn’t even in the right state of mind to correct her. Ala put her hand on the back of Em’s head, pushing her toward herself. Em licked, gave a few kisses, but couldn’t concentrate on anything other than the immense pain from her immense bladder.

‘I just need to get her to orgasm! She’s been a leaky faucet for hours! Surely it won’t take much! Then she can tell me where the exit is!’ Em thought. She licked faster, trying to get her tongue in, moaning to try and get Ala going… not that there was anything else that would cause her to moan… anything she could do to get Ala to finish quickly, so she could…

So she could… tell Em where the exit was?

‘SHE KNOWS WHERE THE EXIT IS?!’ Em realized suddenly. Things started to come together, in the slow, foggy, preoccupied mind of hers. It was a setup! Ala planned this!! Em was a little impressed, but mostly angry.

‘I was meant to suffer?! I mean, Ala finds it hot… but no! She can’t just think she can do this whenever she wants! I mean… maybe she can- N-No! I-I won’t let her!’

While Em was licking, Ala looked down at her, and smirked. With her on all fours, her bladder pointing downwards, she was in a prime position. ||

Ala smirked, lifting a leg up.

‘Huh?’ Em thought, ‘What’s she doing, making it easier for me? I don’t need that, I’ve got perfect access to-’

With that, Ala brought her foot down onto Em’s back, causing her bladder to violently hit the ground and compress. She actually screamed, immediately stopping her licking and proceeding to writhe.

$$

“A-Ala!! C'est quoi bordel!?” She looked up at her friend angrily. She had been willing to put up with this until now, but this was getting to be too much. Her whimpers and reaction, however, sent Ala over the edge. Lifting her skirt up, she sprayed hard all over the cave floor.

‘Great,’ Em thought, ‘I won’t even be able to know what that tastes like…’

“Sorry, Em,” Ala said, “I saw the opportunity and I seized it.”

“Ala!” Em looked up at her friend, breathing heavily, “V-vous savez où la sortie il?”

“...Sorry,” Ala said, “You’ll have to translate that one.” She knew some French, especially from Em speaking it around her and her inferring from context, but some phrases she was unfamiliar with, especially longer ones.

“Y-you… you know where the exit is!?” She yelled out.

“Um… maybe…” Ala said. She realized what she had said and gasped. “Ohh fuck, I did say that, didn’t I?”

Em nodded. “Yeah. I realized it as I was licking you, waiting to be an unknowing victim of the m-most horrible pain I’ve ever felt!” She said. She was getting over the initial pain of the stomp, but her bladder was still pounding.

“Right…” Ala said, sheepishly, hoping Em wouldn’t hold it against her.

“D-do you WANT me to suffer!?” she asked, point blank. She couldn’t think of a better way to phrase it, she was in too much pain to speak eloquently.

“Well…” Ala said, “Um…”

“The fact that there’s hesitation means you do but you don’t want to say it!” Em said. “Ala, I’ll ask again. Do you want me to suffer?”

There was a long pause. Both girls thought about what was being said.

Ala felt bad. She didn’t want to admit to loving seeing her friend in horrible pain, but… since she knew it wouldn’t cause any lasting damage, it was pretty hot… but she wondered what that meant for her as a person.

Em wondered if she was actually hating this as much as she thought she was. She looked at Ala… she looked at the puddle she had formed on the ground, and realized it was because of her. She made her friend do that, and it made her feel all warm and fuzzy… well, she was already warm, her full-to-bursting piss tank made sure of that, but this was different. Despite being in the worst pain of her life, Em was happy. And if that wasn’t proof enough, she didn’t know what was.

Ala nodded slowly. Em looked at her.

“Ala…” Em said, tears streaming down her face… not for any emotional reason, but just due to pain.

“Y…yeah?” Ala asked, nervous about what would happen next.

“If you w-wanted me t-to suffer for you…” Em said, walking over, grabbing a bottle of water and unscrewing the top, “Y-you should’ve just told me.” She started chugging. ||

Em gulped down half a liter of water. She exhaled with a moan, and dropped the empty bottle beside her. Ala stared at her, jaw-dropped. Em smiled, and patted her huge bladder, wincing as she did.

“A-are… are you serious?!” Ala asked, after a while of staring. Em smiled. She was bouncing in place, trembling, experiencing terrible pain, but she was overjoyed. She made her friend happy, and that made her happy. Plus, Ala was very flustered, which was adorable. Em nodded.

“Ala… I love you. Y-You know I do, and I-I know you love me. S-Seeing anyone else with a b-bladder larger than their head wouldn’t d-do as much for you. B-But… even t-though t-this is literal t-torture… I’m h-happy to do it for you!” Em said. She saw tears forming in Ala’s eyes. Ala walked over to her, and gave her a gentle hug. Not a squeeze, like she did earlier, but a light, ‘caring but cautious’ hug. Em felt fuzzy again. She hugged Ala back, squeezing as tight as she felt necessary.

“E-Em… I don’t know what to say…” Ala said, with tears in her eyes. Em looked up at her and smiled.

“H-how about… the exit’s this way?” Em asked. Ala winced.

“I-I’m so sorry… I shouldn’t have-“

“Hold on… tell me… h-how long have you been p-planning this?” Em asked.

“U-um… a-about 4 m-months… ever since-“

“Ever since the day we kissed?!” Em asked. Ala nodded.

“Wow!! Y-you… really took a liking that quickly, huh?” Em asked. Ala blushed, smiling nervously.

“I’m really sorry, Em. I don’t know how you’re so forgiving, but I can’t thank you enough, for everything!” Ala said. Em leaned against her friend.

“Don’t apologize. My balloon b-bladder makes you incredibly horny, a-and I want you to be h-horny, not sorry!” Em said. Ala looked down to see Em’s legs crossed, her fingers wiggling, her subtly hopping on her feet. Ala poked Em right in the belly button, causing her to moan, and bend over a bit. Ala smiled.

“Alright. Follow me.” Ala said, as she started walking off. Em noticed that she was moving significantly quicker than Em’s slowed walking pace. She attempted to jog a bit to catch up, but almost tripped. Ala looked back, seeing Em catching herself.

“Maybe I’ll have to untie your shoelaces next time!” Ala teased. ||

“Or I could u-untie yours w-while I’m down on the g-ground l-licking you… then m-maybe I might be able t-to catch up!” Em giggled. Ala smiled. It was nice to see her so jovial, despite the obvious pain. The two went up the incline, which was quite the painful experience for the French girl, and soon they finally arrived back at their tent.

“W-was that the ramp y-you warned me n-not to go up the o-other day?” Em asked. Ala nodded. “Y-you clever, horny girl…” She giggled again. Ala loved hearing her laugh. Almost as much as she loved hearing her groan and whimper in bladder-related pain.

“Here we are!” Ala said.

“Yeah, I can see that,” Em said, “I have eyes, imbécile.” She pushed her playfully, which Ala responded to by pressing on her bulge.

“W-w-wait, don’t-!” She wanted to protest but she was too late. She yelped, holding herself, her legs trembling. Ala gasped.

“O-oh my god, I’m sorry, did I actually go too far!?”

Em smiled at her. “I-I’m playing it up, Ala… go nuts!”

Ala blushed harder than she had on that entire trip. “R-really?”

“Of course,” Em said, “Might as well have some fun, I won’t be peeing until tomorrow morning when we get home anyway~!”

“Uh…” Ala’s mouth was agape.

Em smirked. “But after that…” She walked over to her, whispering in her ear, “You owe me big, amoureuse.” She chuckled and kissed Ala on the cheek, before getting into the tent. Ala followed her in, stunned from what she had just witnessed.

“W-wait, Em, you…” She wanted to ask if she was serious, but she knew she was. “...What do you want? In return for this?”

“Hmmm…” Em thought, her mind fairly distracted by the gigantic water balloon inside her. “W-well… I… b-besides the h-horribly b-bursting bladder, I… e-enjoyed licking you, a-and I w-wouldn’t mind… g-getting licked myself…” She admitted, blushing.

“Heh…” Ala chuckled and smiled. “You got it,” She nodded, “When we get home, after you’ve broken our toilet with a fire hose of pee,” She joked, “We can snuggle, and maybe we’ll find each other in a 69 position… and you will have more than earned it.”

Em smiled and nodded. “Merci,” she said, looking down at her bladder and squeezing it. “Ngh… y-you’d better a-appreciate this!”

“You know I do!” Ala smiled a bit more and hugged her softly.

“Hey, Ala?” Em asked, reaching into the bag after the hug was done.

“Yeah, Em?” Ala asked.

“You’ve been d-drinking a lot…” she said, getting on the ground, funnel in hand, and spreading her legs. “And y-your toilet’s ready when you are.”

$$


