A Candid Chat With Katrina Kaif

Author: Pain

*000*2016-05-09 07:42

Every time Katrina Kaif appears in a short dress, she sets the screen ablaze. But it takes a lot of effort to maintain that hot figure and pretty face. We got into a candid chat with the actress who is busy promoting her upcoming film these days.

Your film releases soon. What’s next? What kind of films do you want to do now?

God willing, I am looking at signing many films this year. I know I haven’t done too many last year, but at different times, you focus on different things. Sometimes, on different areas of your life. But this year, I have these three releases and I am hoping that they deliver something for me as an actor. I am really hoping that I get something exciting like Mad Max: Fury Road. I would love to play what Charlize Theron did in that film if supported and mounted right like that. I would love to play an action film – go up there and save someone! I like that rugged feminity. I feel, that with my latest film, I am an actor giving an exam and it will show me whether I passed or failed and I want to see where it takes me. It’s been a wonderful, short and quick journey.

And your new movie about finding lost love?

Acting in that movie has been too much fun for me. That story is really new and exciting. There are too many surprises in it but the journey is a new take on a love story — something we haven’t seen before and I have enjoyed the process a lot. Working on it has been really liberating and I am really excited about it.

What’s your take on love?

My take on love is never going to change. I feel my views on love have grown and evolved. I have learned to deal with relationships, people, learnt to be less selfish, more giving, more supportive of a person’s dreams, more supportive of a person’s internal growth apart from your own and understanding the person better. That comes with maturity but your belief in love, your conviction in love, the passion that you feel when you are in love, the integrity that you believe and hope for out of love, hopefully, for me, will always be the same.

When will you get married?

Whenever God wills it. I think you have to leave these things, your destiny and what is meant for you in the hands of God. Keep your faith and your trust in God.

Your most embarrassing moment?

As anyone else, I have many but there was this one time I got really desperate for a pee on the way back home and I had to do it on the road-side!

Really?!

Yes, it was so embarrassing…

What happened exactly?

As usual I had been working that day, interviews, promotions and all. I was so busy I didn’t get to go to the bathroom all day and I had like…. so much coffee and water! (Laughs)

The last event I was at was a brand endorsement but unfortunately they didn’t have a loo there, so I just somehow quickly wrapped up my talk with the media there and went back stage and I stood talking with the team. One by one they all left until eventually there were only me and two others. We stood chatting and I had to pee so much by that point that I can’t even tell you. After 10 minutes , we all said our goodbyes and I left in my car.

It was only few minutes into the ride that I realized that I wasn’t going to make it home.

I have always believed that I have a strong bladder but that day, I almost died trying to hold it. The car seemed to hit every bump on the way which literally made my bladder want to explode!

It got to the point where I was about to tell my driver to stop so I could just do it on the side of the road. I just didn’t care but I told myself that it was not an option and I had to hold it.

But as they say, it’s easier said than done. I can’t even explain how swollen my bladder was. It felt so hard, like a rock.

And I was like sitting there, texting and stuff to take my mind off it, but it was getting really difficult.

I somehow managed a few more minutes but I reached my absolute limit when we were like twenty minutes away from my place and there were no loos in sight, so I just asked my driver to stop the car and I just popped a squat on the footpath!

At last the glorious feeling of relief, the best part!

I was thinking that if only I could pee faster. I was so exposed where I was, but it was like a river coming out of me. (Laughs)

I ignored the few cars speeding past, but when a group of lads appeared I just forced myself to stop, I adjusted my skirt and hurried back into the car before they could see me squatting there on the footpath!

I still hadn't finished my pee, but at least I had, you know 'let the pressure off' enough to be able to ride home.

Though all this certainly doesn’t mean I endorse relieving yourself on the side of the road!

It must have been really embarrassing

Yes, it was but I think it’s okay. I think everybody has been in that scenario where they have to pee so much and then it’s like, and then you’re like…Ahhhaa... what am I gonna do? (Laughs) It’s the call of nature; when you’ve got to go, you’ve got to go, and there was no public loo around that time so I had no choice.

Something that you realized after this incident?

We need more public loos! (Confused Smile)

ONE-LINERS-

Flirty or intense romance?

Intense romance

A quality that draws you to a man

Charm

A quality in a man that puts you off

Superiority

3 qualities of your ideal man…

Integrity, honesty and humour

Is there a Mr Perfect?

There's the right person and there's you. Together, it can be almost perfect!

Live-in relationships are…

A personal choice

One mantra you live by…

One day, this will all be a memory and it'll be just fine

Describe yourself in five words…

A slightly unusual, sincere person

One professional mistake that you will never make…

Not sure

Three things you would want to change about yourself…

Stressing. Stressing. Stressing!

Three things you wish you had…

The ability to play the piano, write music and read minds

Three people you rely on/trust completely and why…

Mom, mom, mom

Three moments you want to relive

With the past, I have nothing to do, nor with the future, I live in the now

Three times you felt let down…

Hmm, that I'll keep to myself

Three qualities you wish you had…

Many… but sometimes too much wishing is not good . You got to be happy with yourself

An average day in your life…

Is wonderful... hard... tiring… Work work work!

