Lady Victoria's Secret

Author: Pain

*000*2018-09-09 19:12

Lady Victoria rushed up the stairs towards the chambers, she had been going out of her mind needing to take a massive dump all evening but couldn’t find the time till now. Waves after waves of pressure had been coming to her ass for so long and she had been fighting them off with everything she had without letting anyone know anything of the pressure in her bowels.

Right now, she could feel all her shit right on the edge of her asshole, ready to pour out, but she was holding it tightly with every ounce of strength left in her ass, she was just moments away from the privy and the gigantic relief she had craved for so long.

She came to the end of the stairs and quickly made her way to her chambers, she walked in and closed the door faster than she had closed a door ever in her life. But she then she froze, she lifted up her skirts in one lightning movement and a thick turd, the girth of a cucumber and over a feet long, escaped her asshole and dropped on the stone floor with a thud. “Ahh!” she sighed in relief, though embarrassed that she couldn’t even wait till she got to the privy. Her knees trembled as another long, equally thick and heavy turd ran out of her beautiful hole and landed on the top of her previous one.

She began to walk towards the privy, still holding the skirts up above her waist in case her ass expelled more. And she was right, another long and burdensome piece of dung rushed out of her and fell on the ground as she ran to reach the privy.

This was embarrassing to the skies for the respected Lady Victoria who so many people bowed to, but she was more than glad that this was happening inside her closed chamber where there was no to see her having this humiliating accident.

She knew she could have avoided it. She knew she shouldn’t have waited this long.

Her head was filled with thoughts of embarrassment and guilt, this shouldn’t have happened. She hurried towards the privy door with her shapely uncovered ass, struggling to reach the right place where all this should have happened.

But suddenly, another thick log decided to come out of her beautiful bottom, dropping viciously on the floor. Her legs were trembling as she walked and finally, she pulled the door to the privy and stepped in. Finally, the glorious shit hole was in her sight, now she just wanted to sit on it but her body was too exhausted of holding it for so long.

Another massive, long and heavy log of her warm dung ran out of her and fell to the ground, “Oh God, shit!” she cursed herself. Lady Victoria rushed to the privy hole and landed her ass on it with the swiftest movement possible before the firing began.

For anyone else, shitting this much would be a once in a lifetime occurrence but Lady Victoria always shat like a horse and she was only getting started. The moment her ass touched the privy hole, her body relaxed completely and the firing began!

A long and heavy wood of her hot feces ran into the privy hole as she relaxed her bladder and a copious jet of urine began. More shit followed the previous one into the hole and Lady Victoria finally sighed in relief.

She sat there, feeling the snakes of shit run out of her beautiful asshole one after the other. It took her almost half an hour to completely empty herself and after the seventeenth log came out of her, she knew she was finally done.

Now that all the pressure had come out, the only task left at hand for Victoria was to clean the mess she had created on the floor in her hurry to get to the privy. She washed her asshole and came out of the privy feeling lighter than ever and ready to clean the room.

*004*2018-09-12 10:57

{{On 9/10/2018 at 1:16 AM, Alex Oxford said:

I’d like to see a sequel where she doesn’t make it

}}

I surely will try Alex, thank you so much for reading the story!

{{On 9/10/2018 at 2:29 AM, The Shark said:

Pain I'm glad to see you back at it again with the fiction! I love you work and this is just another example of your talent. Hot, sexy, loaded with just the right amount of details. Wonderful work! Hope to see another iteration with someone not making it as Alex mentioned above

}}

Thank you so much Shark for the kind words! I definitely will try to write a version where she doesn't make it. Thanks once again for taking out the time to read!

*006*2018-09-13 14:59

{{19 hours ago, wedgeantilles said:

I always enjoy reading your stories.

}}

Thank you so much, wedgeantilles! That means a lot to me!

