Tending the Garden

Author: Punk Hazardous

*000*2018-06-26 23:26

This is my first furry based fiction I've written! (actually second, but the first is a longer project that needs more work). I've used my writing alias here and in other places as well (just to clarify).

Be warned that this story features [furry characters], [purposeful peeing outside], and [male masturbation]. I hope you guys like it!

###

Tending the Garden

Author and Characters: Punk Hazardous

Another day at the office, just like the last four. Dull, thankless, and more problems than it was worth. Not even the weekend's arrival could alleviate all of Cowl's sour grievances. He would still have to return on Monday. The surrounding apartment buildings absorbed most of the light from the sunset, casting a dim pall around the shepherd as he lit the cigarette clamped in his lips. He picked his arms up from the mid-height fence and directed his gaze over to the only piece of furniture in his small, square garden - a beat-up lawn chair on its last legs. Honestly, he was surprised it still had all four of them in tact. And he could hardly call it a lawn chair, not when there was no actual lawn to speak of.

Cowl settled his weight into the chair looking around at his micro domain. Life in his own place was not going as gloriously as he imagined it as a pup. He was in need of a new direction, he knew, but the hurdles seemed to grow in size and number every time he poked his snout in a new direction. Nabbing the cold ale from the ground that he brought from inside, he elected to save the stress for tomorrow and put forth a new foot into the job world then, as he uncapped the bottle. The air brought a nippy chill that foretold the coming autumn.

The trees outside of his fence had leaves that were still as green and plump as summer grapes, but they would soon shift colors and alter his daily view. Some of his neighbors a couple doors down were having a barbecue and taking advantage of the dying warm season. The smell of wood smoke and cooking meat wafted toward him. He looked over his fence at the trees rustling in the strengthening wind, taking sips and wandering through the memories conjured by the ambient scents and feelings.

Half-finished cigarette in one hand and half-finished beer in the other, he came back to himself when he felt the pulsing in his abdomen; he needed a piss. Hefting his slowly numbing body aloft, Cowl set down his drink on the brick ground and placed the cigarette in his lips once more. Supporting himself with one hand against the tall portion of the fence that separated the abutting patios, he fiddled with the zipper on his shorts and folds of his boxers until his cock met the open air in full. Now freed, he let out a clear stream that burst from him and spattered all over a shrub planted next to the fence. A hearty sigh of relief left him as he splashed the ground and plants with his recycled beer.

His enjoyment was such that he did not notice the door of the townhome neighboring his unit rumbling open, letting out a solidly built bulldog with short fur that was white and sparsely speckled with brown. He had stepped out to inspect the vestiges of the disappearing sun, but what he did not expect to see was his neighbor tending his garden this late in the evening. He could only see his back and his right arm from across the two squares, and a steady stream of water, taking care of a hydrangea. And his left arm was in front of him, in a suspicious position... The urinating German shepherd would have persisted, blissfully unaware, but the bulldog's throat clearing attracted his attention. Cowl looked up from his business and, seeing that his neighbor was staring him down, he waved with his free hand and gave a bright "Yo!"

The neighbor's suspicions were unfortunately confirmed. The flippant way Cowl greeted him while indecently exposing himself severely ticked him off. The bulldog just looked at him in utmost disgust, called him "sick", and re-entered his unit, slamming the sliding glass door behind him.

Cowl just shrugged; he had no time for judgements on his character. He was on his own property and harming no one, so as far as he was concerned, he was doing nothing wrong. He watched on as his clear stream battered leaves aside and made them shine acutely in the moonlight. How amazing it felt to relieve himself of this burden. And with two more jets and an accompanying low, self-indulgent moan, he was empty.

He flicked himself lightly, and sank back into the chair behind him, furred sheath still poking out of the fly of his shorts. His head lolled back and he was now looking up at the stars in the heavens that flickered on one by one. The noises from the neighboring barbecue were gone. He was alone on his patio and effectively invisible in the darkness of the night around him. He found that his assured solitude had caused his hand to wander, urging him into some potentially indecent, but pleasurable territory.

Far too relaxed and tipsy to relocate to the inside, he put a groping paw on the rounded head emerging from his sheath. He would be a liar if he said this was the first time he'd done this in safety of his moderately sheltered backyard under the cover of darkness. He began coaxing himself to hardness with his dark sand colored paw. With a feather-light touch, he dragged his dull claws along the sensitive ridges of his balls, prompting his cock to quickly harden to its full erect length.

The first downstroke along the whole of his shaft caused a wave of pleasure that tensed the corner of his mouth and made it hard to keep track of his cigarette. Cowl pulled the nearly deplenished stick from his mouth, set it aside for later, and got to work.

Rutting against his palm, he thought about how the flowering bush had just gotten the watering of its lifetime. How the rising steam from his output had enveloped his balls, just as he cupped them now. The more he watched himself in the act, the more it turned him on. This feedback loop mounted higher and higher every second until his member thrummed harder in his paw with eager anticipation of the edge before him. Burning spots flashed in his yellow eyes as his cognition slipped out of grasp and he surrendered himself to the feeling. Relieving himself for the second time, his seed scattered up his front, barely missing fur. His red shirt gathered the flecks of thick white as his cock pumped out all it had left. He had to grip his bottom lip with one of his upper canines to stifle his shuddering grunts; the threat of poking a hole in his lip by accident was real.

Finally, a deep contented puff of air burst from his muzzle as his muscles relaxed as one. Tingles of serotonin wrapped around the back of his head and the ears which were laying back, signaling his contentment. Thankful that he'd only marked his clothes, he lay nearly as still as the rocks beneath the waving shrubs around him as he experienced the waning twitches from his weeping cock. A raindrop fell directly on the tip of his twitching nose, forcing him from his daze. More rainfall ensued, starting an unexpected nighttime shower. This impelled him to finally rise, pick up the beer bottle and cigarette, and stumble inside to clean up the aftermath of his indulgent pleasure session. The sprinkling rain intensified, washing what remained of Cowl's urine from the shrub; no one but he was any the wiser as to what all happened in the garden that night.

