My girlfriend always waits until the last minute to go and ends up frantic. Even at home

Author: pentacular

*000*2018-09-24 21:06

My girlfriend is one of those people who gets really, really focused on whatever she's doing. She's competitive to fault. Sometimes she pays no attention to her filling bladder until it's almost too late. There have been a couple of times where she's almost lost it and were At Home! Come to think of it, I imagine a lot of us are like this because we assume we're at home and we can go whenever we want so we don't plan for it. We used to live in a 3BR/3BA house in the suburbs so there was always a toilet available when needed. Even if there weren't, there was even the privacy of the fenced backyard (not that it had ever come to that). We had recently moved to a very urban area, to a small apartment with one bathroom. When we have friends over, that leads to a little more wait time and coordination needed around facility use.

The first time it happened, we had friends over and we were heavy into a game of Cards Against Humanity, or was it Monopoly? I hardly remember. It was one of those board games that last forever. I can tell when she has to go, even when it hasn't even registered in her brain yet. With a few drinks in her, she's tremendously social and extroverted and is often so busy laughing and connecting with people that her own needs don't register. She sat casually on the couch with her legs drawn up beneath her. She was wearing a full, loose knee length skirt that bloomed around her and demurely kept hidden what her legs were doing.

I could tell that she had to go because every so often she would rock. Or bounce until the urge had passed. She was already sitting on her feet and her heel would naturally find the right angle to push subtly against her pee hole. There was no way she was getting up until the game was over and it went on and on and on and although she remained engaged, her knees were fluttering nonstop by the time we wrapped up. I knew she wasn't worried though, because we were at home. I think though, that she had forgotten that we had one toilet and several guests over. And if the one bathroom was occupied, it meant waiting.

I watched her closely as she got up from the couch and I could see the desperate urge hit her like a pile of bricks because she grimaced and tensed all over, bent over suddenly and squeezed her thighs together and her hands found her lap and I could tell she was fighting the impulse to grab her crotch in front of all our friends. Instead, she grabbed the front waistband of her panties through her skirt front and yanked them up so the material would press against her groin while she bolted to the bathroom. (I had found this trick fascinating when I first saw her do it and asked her about it. It's not something everyone does. It's not that effective, she tells me, but it's not as shameless as grabbing oneself in public. the extra bit of upward pressure can be reassuring if there's no other way to hold.

I had noticed that our friend had gone in there and shut the door a moment before and my girlfriend's expression turned from anticipation to horrified when she realized that she would have to wait. She knocked and there was an exchange had through the locked door. She had been desperate for a lot longer than I thought because she started frantically pacing back and forth in front of the door until she suddenly turned on her heel and strode into our bedroom. The bathroom door was in plain view from there and I figured she was going to wait in there rather than put on a show for everyone.

I followed her and found her sitting and bouncing on our bed clutching herself. She looked past me as I came in, not taking her eyes off the still closed bathroom door. I noticed that in the privacy of our bedroom, in her franticness to hold herself securely the copious fabrics of her skirt had ridden all the way up around her wrists and she was clutching herself two-handed through just her panties. "I needa go bathroom." she moaned to me as she met my eyes briefly before going back to staring intently at the still locked door across the hallway. Although she speaks fluent English 95% of the time, it's not her first language and sometimes she leaves out words in times of great distress or upset.

Suddenly she stopped bouncing and re-tightened her grip on herself (the fabric of her skirt riding higher and higher as this was happening) and instead fanned her legs rapidly until it became clear that that wasn't going to serve any better. She tried squirming from side to side and found that also detrimental. Her soft moans to herself had become more like whimpers as she said again and again, "I have to go bathroom.... *whimper* I have to go BATHROOM." She got up and started pacing around the room only to be overcome by a wave of desperation so enormous I'm surprised she didn't lose it right there. She bent over and held herself with all her strength while frantically running in place and I could see tears in her eyes at the exertion.

"What is he DOING in there?!" she wailed. (Later she told me that our friend told her through the door that he was in there being sick.) "I hafta go bathroom!!!" (Maybe it is a foreign language thing, maybe it is a formailty thing, but my girlfriend rarely just says she needs to pee.)

I decided to take charge of the situation. I sat on the bed and I my girlfriend to come sit on my lap for a minute. "I can't! I'll wet you!" her voice shrill with anxiety, she continued to march in circles and clutch at herself and moan. There was an actual visible tread in the carpet from where she had been pacing. I grabbed her by the sleeve first and caught her wrist and pulled her down into my lap. Or rather, onto my left thigh (I am a pretty big guy and she is a fairly petite girl) and buried my hands between her legs and told her to squeeze her thighs around them. She obliged. "I gotta go bathroom. I gotta go bathroom!!! I gotta go bathroom!!!" she kept repeating urgently to herself.

"Yeah, but you can HOLD IT. You're holding it. I got you." I assured her. I kept her in my lap and she was bucking and grinding into my hands and I was touching her firmly and rubbing her pee hole assuringly. My dick was hard against her back and I could feel her calming down and responding to that and she pushed back against my dick and we both moved to the waves our mutual mounting arousal. And then the door to the bathroom (which she still had not taken her eyes off all this time) finally opened and she was off my lap like a gunshot and she pissed in there for she reports back, "like 3 minutes." She returned to the bedroom, much more herself again, and of course we had some of the hottest sex we've had right in that moment.


