Trees, Portals and Irregular Romance

Author: Poseidon57

*000*2021-08-31 03:19

I sometimes just like writing small adventure and so why not one about pee. I love writing but am not exceptional by any means at it. Feedback welcome. I feel sexy writing these

The warped trees were always the ones that came across the strangest in this wood. You could wonder for days and only see a few. When she went back that next day she only wanted to know one thing, how did she get so lost and how did she find her way back. She manically packed a bag this time with her tools of trade. The ridge was tall and looked a bit like a wave in front of her. The water tower and treatment plant were just across from all this. She never knew why she did not use these as land marks but it was hard to not just see trees. The warped one was over to the north then east. The last three she found she did eventually climb but she never quite knew why.

She had three of her crystals so she had some idea of where to go looking today. The darkness was always warping her vision but the electricity seemed reassuring and kind. The fence was one of three but she realized they were the same to the north so just cut east. The path was small and almost made by the growths themselves. She never questioned that. The first tree she got up to she felt light, almost like gravity had pulled away for a while. It seemed like a fun time to have some magic water. She always did like filling up on these trips, though she rarely emptied. It got to be almost night and the clearing was desecrated and hollow, not by her, so the fire went up and her small bag out. It seemed well. She retrieved out her computer and camera.

The rain might come but it might not. She cracked open more water and a few cheap beers. I always want to come out here but that one spot always eludes me. She had to pee and what of it she though. She turned the fire down and just wandered off. It was a cool night even though she was sweaty. Boy, they never clean these areas out. She could tell though she had crossed the vale so her telepathy was in full force. The bag unfolded it's self and she rubbed her tight tummy and giggled, licked her lips and the like.

The boy jumped out, at first with his creature friends and then just walked ahead. She could tell he could not see her so she jumped out at him. He spun around quite impressed. I got full like you wanted boy, now master me and lets find the tree. She became almost hypnotized as he kissed her. He was just rough enough that she knew who was boss. They wandered though for an hour until the moon did peek out. Her belly was so full and she was suffering, he could tell but acted to ignore it. She leaned into his little fun. Once at the tree they kissed some more and he rubbed until she began to leak, just a bit though. She leaned forward to bite her lip and concentrate. Now up the tree he said. She knew they would not have sex tonight, which was fine. The tree was cool to the touch but as all things that look weird, they feel weird too. She took her samples.

Do you not want to play the boy asks. Well she said, I can tell you don't and he smiles. Now lets get to the top and wander around a bit. The limbs were long and very sturdy. She pulled out her wand and put a spell right on the both of them so they got a few sizes smaller. Casting spells and holding pee, yes please she though. Here you go boy as some hot pee dripped down. She began to mark the spot right on her map as the boy ran away. I knew he would do that she thought. She got done with the little adventure and warped back all the way to camp.

The moon rose high and she though I will get him one day. Her concentration was almost lost though and the pressure took over. She figured she would sleep naked tonight as the sharp sprays got smaller and smaller in her slutty attire. That night she dreamed over and over of him and his friends and when she got up to go home she felt quite full again.

She got back in her normal people clothes once home and pulled out the laptop and some other magic bottles. A night well spent! She got ready for her college classes thinking of what to wear. She was attractive enough but did not usually show it, not at school anyways. It was a content feeling in class that day as she dreamed of the cache of not just photos but tree bark from the other sides trees.

She though it would be fun to see the professor pee himself but she bite her lip and breathed sharply. Best get my head back to the now. She headed to the lab, time for her research to resume. Her boyfriend walked in and they got to work. To bad he did not like cursed trees and full bladders. Where is my yellow clip board hon?

