Inocent to Guilty

Author: purplepotato

*000*2017-06-05 04:56

Hey I haven't written anything yet, and I'm not real popular yet, but i decided to try my hand anyway. I really like adoption stuff, so yeah. this is a multi part just because i don't have a whole lot of time right now. so, here goes nothing:

Chapter 1

13 year old Conner awoke to the bright rays of sun pouring through his window onto his bright blue bed spread. he could hear the pan sizzling and sniffed the air. bacon, he thought hungrily. he jumped out of bed and raced toward the kitchen. his father, James, had his back to him but turned around and smiled when he heard his son coming. "hey, buddy. sit down, i wanna talk to you about something." he said, serving the breakfast of bacon, eggs, and toast.

James hesitated a bit before saying, "so I've been thinking.. i want a daughter" he waited nervously for conner's reaction. Conner was baffled. "but mom..." he said, breaking off. his mother had left as soon as he was born. strangely, his father didn't seem to care in the slightest that she had left him like that. "no matter, there's an adoption center not ten minutes from here." jame said easily. hen he grew nervous again and asked, "so, what do you think?' Conner had honestly been feeling a bit lonely the past few weeks. " I-I like the idea.. can we go today?"

"wonderful, of course we'll go today!"

James just so relived Conner was on board with the idea.

###

A/N: sorry guys, that was really short and there was zero desperation or anything, but i should be able to write more (better) tomorrow.

*002*2017-06-05 14:44

{{5 hours ago, Miss Levinson said:

I'm curious ;)

}}

The next chapter will be coming up soon :) title wont make sence for awhile, I've got a lot of build up planned.

{{5 hours ago, Miss Levinson said:

}}

*003*2017-06-05 22:20

Chapter 2

Later that day, James and Conner pulled into the parking lot for the adoption center. They walked in, a bit unsure at first, but they quickly spotted a door separated from the rest of the center. it had a sign that said "come in!", so in they went. a women at the desk greeted them with a smile when they entered. "hello, are you here to adopt?" she asked, faltering a bit when she saw Conner.

James was confused at first, but then realized he could easily be here to drop Conner off. "no no, of course we're adopting. We were looking for a girl. I don't have a wife so we came here...." he trailed off, feeling awkward.

"great, I'm Amy. if you'd like you can go watch the kids lay, or you can just have a look at their files. you can do both if you want, your choice.' Amy said, looking relieved. she knew all of the kids were hopeful now, and her thoughts were confirmed when she looked out the window

" um, i think we'll go for both." James wanted to be absolutely sure about his choice. he saw Amy look out the window and glanced in that direction. He jumped in surprise. a dozen little faces were squashed up against it. The ones at the bottom would get slowly pushed don and out of the frame, but then they'd appear again on top. Conner caught sight of this and laughed, walking over and waving to the kids.

*005*2017-06-05 22:54

{{27 minutes ago, Miss Levinson said:

Still curious XD

Anyhow, what about longer chapters in the future? I think it would be great ;)

}}

Yep the future chapters will be muckh longer. I'm working on the next one right now, but unfortunately when i clicked your reply notification thingy my progress was lost. I've done that twice now, darn my stupidity! soon though.... dang, looks like it'll have to be tomorrow, I'm going swimming now, then dinner, then I'm going to my friend's house...

*006*2017-06-07 17:27

Chapter 3

Conner had the children's files, and James had a notepad to write down what he observed. after about fifteen minutes, they had made a decision. Conner found a file of a girl who seemed just perfect. she was 13, his age, she was timid just like him, and she seemed friendly from what he had seen. her name was Jessica. he had gone to find her and ask some questions, only to find his dad already with her. They thanked her, and went on to discuss who they would adopt. they both immediately agreed on Jessica. unsure of what to do, they went back to Amy's office.

"you decided yet?" Amy asked.

"yes, we want the girl named Jessica" they both said in unison. James smiled. he loved that his son was like him in so many ways.

"ah, such a sweet girl. I'll go get her." Amy walked out, and returned in a matter of seconds, with Jessica following close behind.

Jessica like these people, but she was worried. she was likeable enough, but every time she was adopted, she was returned within the first week. people thought she was boring. they thought she didn't do anything other than exactly what they said. It was true, but Jessica only behaved like that because she didn't feel comfortable with them. she didn't feel like they loved her, witch made her uncomfortable. but she sensed these people would be different. maybe her time had finally come.

Amy gave James a paper to sign and all of her information. then she gave him another paper to sign. she explained a few things to Conner, but Jessica had gone through this enough times that she had almost memorized it. as she waited for her turn to sign the paper, she fidgeted in her chair as her leg bounced. she hadn't noticed before, but all the nervous adrenaline running through her body was filling her bladder quickly. Maybe she could sneak off before she went home with these new people.

Once everything was settled, Amy made sure James had her number, then brought Jessica out to say her goodbyes. Jessica had no clear chance to go to the bathroom, and now Amy was going to take her picture with her new family. she smiled and stood as still as she could. after that, Amy left. Jessica hadn't gotten over her shyness yet, and she didn't feel comfortable asking for anything just yet. she hoped James didn't live to far away. she told herself she would just go to the bathroom there.

James had Conner fill Jessica in on everything she would need to know, while he put Jessica's stuff in the back of the car. "we have a spare room for you, but it's empty now so you'll sleep with me for a while. no-one else lives with us, just me and dad, and you now......" he finished talking, and showed Jessica where she would sit in the car.

After five minute on the road, Jessica was no longer able to sit still,. her problem wasn't too obvious, but Conner knew right away. nobody knew, but Conner was a huge omorashi fan. he had accounts on various omorashi websites, he had and old pair of jeans that he put on when he felt like wetting, and he watched omorashi porn when nobody was around. he knew Jessica had to pee, but he kept silent.

All Jessica could think about was her need for relief. she crossed her legs, hoping the movement looked natural. she tried to minimize any bouncing, so as to not alert Conner of her problem. She didn't see him watching her and s far as she was concerned he hadn't noticed. eventually she wasn't able to stop bouncing. James glanced up at the mirror, but he mistook the bouncing for excitement. "we should be there soon, as long as traffic stays good."

As much as Conner loved watching Jessica like this, he didn't want her to have and accident. He understood that she was still to shy to ask, so he did " Dad, can we stop at a gas station? I need to go to the bathroom." James replied, "sure, but the next station isn't for about ten minutes, can you wait?" Connor knew he could wait, but could Jessica? "um, yeah, i guess."

Jessica squeezed he legs together and closed her eyes, willing herself not to pee. she was relived that Conner ad asked to stop, but she wasn't sure if she could wait ten minutes.

Turns out, Jessica was able to wait the twelve minutes it took to get the next gas station. James decided to fill up the tank since they were there anyway. once he parked, Conner opened his door and got out, then asked Jessica, " wanna come too?" relived, Jessica nodded. They walked to the building together and straight to the bathroom. it was a single gender neutral bathroom. Conner hesitated, he was the one who had asked to stop, and if he hadn't they would still be on the road. but on the other hand, he wasn't the one who had to pee...... but he was the one who liked omorashi. he held up one finger and said "i'll be out in a sec,"

Jessica crossed he legs, both hands in between them. she bounced up and down, trying to distract herself by observing a display of chips. she heard the toilet flush, and she winced at the sound of water running. as soon as the door opened and Conner appeared, she rushed in.

Conner was a bit disappointed he didn't get to see Jessica wet, but he also didn't want her to be embarrassed. the tiny voice in the back of his mind was saying there's still time, she might not make it to the toilet. He kicked himself for thinking that way about his new sister. What kind of sicko was he to hope a girl would pee herself?

Inside the bathroom, Jessica was shaking, legs crossed, hands in her crotch, eyes closed. This was the worst she had ever had to pee. she finally opened her eyes, and gasped as her bladder released at the sight of the toilet. she stood there peeing her self, in a bathroom, unable to move. when she finished, she sat don in the puddle, tears streaming down her face. what was she supposed to do now?

Conner had been standing out side for awhile and he still hadn't heard the toilet flush. he put his ear to the door, and heard sobbing. oh, he thought. he knocked on the door softly. "Jessica? you ok?" he listened for a second, then heard "no".

"Can i- can i come in?" he asked. he heard the lock click, so he opened the door. Jessica was sitting on the floor in a huge puddle of pee, crying.

Conner bent down and pulled her into a hug. "it'll be ok, I'll go ask dad for some of your pants from your bag." he whispered in her ear. Jessica nodded gratefully.

When Conner returned, he gave Jessica another pai of pants and when to wait buy the chips. Jessica came out holding her soaked pants, blushing. "thank you Conner. I'm really sorry.."

"it's fine let's go back to the car."

###

A/N: hey, I hope this chapter was better, I'll work on more detail and longer chapters for the future. if you have and suggestions, please comment! bye!

*008*2017-06-13 01:21

{{On 6/9/2017 at 9:56 PM, Telinar4 said:

I'm liking this so far, keep it up! Excited to see where it goes!

}}

Thank you, I should be able to update tomorrow. I'll be a bit slower now, my life has taken a rather unpleasant turn...

*010*2017-06-13 19:12

{{13 hours ago, OmoMan111 said:

The way you described the whole adoption process had me rolling. It was as if they were just going to a pet store to pick out a new puppy.

But I'm hoping to enjoy it now that we've moved past that part. I thought Chapter 3 was pretty good.

}}

Sorry, i did think of that, but i have no idea how that kind of thing works, and all my research resulted in nothing.

*011*2017-06-13 19:59

Chapter 4

3 week since Jessica had been adopted. that was longer than she had ever lasted. granted, her first day had been awful, but it also gave her confidence since her new father and brother had been so nice. She could tell these people actually loved her, and she expected it to stay that way, for the first time ever. she was laying on her stomach, atop the new bed sheets James had bought her. they were a deep purple, and that was now her favorite color. she was reading, but it was late, and her eyelids seemed ten times heavier than usual. slowly, they drooped, and soon she was fast asleep, still holding her book.

On the other side of the wall, Conner was also drifting off to sleep. he was seconds away, but he forced himself up to go to the bathroom and brush his teeth. After that he layed down and fell asleep as soon as he closed hi eyes. scenes from the last few weeks with his sister floated across his dreams. sister, he thought, and smiled happily In his sleep.

James was still hours away from sleep, but it was well past ten o'clock now and he knew the kids would be asleep. he walked down the hall to Conner's bedroom, peeked through the crack, and closed the door softly when he was satisfied. He then went to Jessica's room, and saw her on he stomach with a book in front of her. At first he thought she was awake , but when he walked closer to tell her she should probably go to sleep now, he saw her eyes were closed and her breathing peaceful and steady. he gently picked up the book, slid a bookmark in, and put it in the dresser. He walked quietly back to the door, stopping to look around the room, before he closed the door.

IN Jessica's room, the walls were painted sky blue, and the window was lined with a deep royal blue. her bed was centered against the back wall, right next to the window. it was a little odd, but she had wanted it there. The dark wooden dresser had a lava lamp on top, and three drawers filled with her clothes. She had quite a bit more than she had when she was first adopted. on the other side of the room, the closet remained empty. Jessica had nothing to put in it, but when they went shopping she had seemed bored, and wanted nothing. next to the closet, there was a desk with a lamp, a pad of paper, a coffee mug filled with pens and pencils, and a laptop. the laptop was the only thing (besides the bed, dresser and desk) that Jessica had let James buy for her. James had been expecting to spend a lot more money for her, but she had her own saved up and insisted on buying her own clothes, pens, and lamps.

Still fast asleep, Jessica shifted unconsciously. she hadn't gone to the bathroom before bed, since she wasn't expecting to fall asleep. her bladder was full. Even though she wasn't usually a deep sleeper, she had been nervous the first few weeks, and she had missed a lot of sleep. With her muscles almost completely relaxed in he sleep, her full bladder began to empty, pooling around her for a second before sinking into the soft fabric. not registering what was happening, Jessica stayed asleep, although her hand did move into her crotch, an unconscious attempt to stop the flow.

Finally, at 7:45 am, Jessica woke up, her dreams still fresh in her mind. she remembered being in a box, with nothing but a dead cow. she vaguely remembered she had to pee, and then she went and sat on the cow. for some reason, the cow was warm, and her legs were hot and sweaty from it. as she woke up more, she realized she could still feel the hot, wet feeling. looking down, she saw her soaked sheets and pants. sighing, she slowly walked to her dad's room and knocked softly on the door.

James opened the door, look at Jessica's pants, and walked to her room. he removed the sheets, and without a word put them in the washing machine. " I-i'm sorry.." Jessica whispered. "it's fine, nothing to be sorry for" james said. Jessica was glad and little bit confused about James's kindness. hesitating she looked up at him and said," please don't tell Conner.."

" of course i wont," James relied.

Jessica went back to her room until breakfast. the rest of the day was uneventful, and James never oced mentioned what happened in the morning, much to Jessica's relief. she was glad she had such a great family.

###

A/N: hi, sorry if the end seemed a bit rushed, but I didn't have much time and i really wanted to update. i don't usually do bed wetting, but I did and hope you enjoyed it, even though it's badly written.

