Omovember 2020: Day 2

Author: PPP

*000*2020-11-02 19:35

$$

I'm giving each one its own thread so the tags don't get out of hand; hope that's okay. A word of warning: this one's more sexually explicit than what I usually write. I admit it's also a little short, but tomorrow's is a lot longer.

###

Day 2: Desperate during sex Harley Quinn (DC Comics)

###

Harleen Quinzel, aka Harley Quinn, had led an odd life. She had fallen in love, then broken up, with a homicidal clown. She had been relentlessly pursued (not like that) by a man dressed as a flying rodent. And one of her best friends was a shark. But here she was, getting eaten out by a woman who was half plant, and everything seemed so right.

“Ohgodthatsgood,” she moaned breathlessly. From between her legs, Pamela Isley, aka Poison Ivy, briefly looked up at her.

“You say something, Harl?” she asked.

“No, no,” Harley replied. “Just don’t stop.” Obliging, Ivy got back to work.

As she lay back on the bed, formed by a giant plant leaf, Harley became aware of another sensation besides intense pleasure. Namely, the need to urinate. Both she and Ivy had done a little drinking earlier, then quickly gone into foreplay, not leaving time for either to pee.

Does she even pee though? thought Harley. Or is it just chlorophyll? I gotta ask her sometime. But right now, I gotta-

Harley’s thoughts were interrupted by a jolt of pure bliss. Ivy’s tongue was working wonders on her, and judging by the sounds she was making, she was enjoying it almost as much as Harley.

Forget it, Harley thought. I’m not gonna interrupt this for a pee break! I can hold it til the end. Soon as I come, I can go. Which shouldn’t be long now…

Several minutes passed, however, and Ivy still wasn’t done. Harley squirmed, her discomfort starting to overwhelm her.

“Hold still,” said Ivy, her voice muffled.

“Sorry, Red,” Harley whimpered. Her bladder felt fuller by the minute. She wasn’t sure if she’d be able to last until-

“Aahh!” cried Harley as she climaxed. Ivy’s tongue had hit just the right spot, and that had been too much. She lay back and let the waves of pleasure wash over her.

Just as she was finishing, however, Harley felt a different fluid spurt out of her. Much to her horror, a warm jet of pee shot from her urethra, hitting Ivy square in the face. Both women shrieked, and Harley tried to stop her stream, but it was no use. Urine kept flowing out of her like a waterfall, getting Ivy thoroughly soaked before she could pull away. Harley felt her face redden and her eyes tear up as she peed and peed. She had never been so embarrassed in her life. After an agonizingly long time, her bladder finally emptied completely. The last drops squeezed their way out and she lay back, her legs soaking in her own puddle.

For a moment, there was silence. Then Harley burst into tears.

“I’m so sorry, Red!” she sobbed. “I-I had to go, but it felt so good and I didn’t want to interrupt you and-”

“Harley, Harley,” Ivy shushed her. “It’s okay.” She wiped her face off with a nearby leaf. “As long as you enjoyed that, I don’t mind getting a little wet.”

“Oh, Red,” cooed Harley, embracing her girlfriend, “you’re too good to me!”

“Don’t mention it,” said Ivy. She lay back on another huge leaf and spread her legs. “Now come on. It’s your turn now.”

“No need to ask me twice,” Harley replied.

“Just do me one favor,” Ivy requested.

“What’s that?”

“No jokes about ‘watering the plants,’ please.”

“Sure thing, Red,” said Harley, and she dove in.

###

*004*2020-11-09 01:11

@LeakyPaint is right; "Red" is a nickname of endearment Harley sometimes uses in the comics.

