Elevator accident

Author: peeacsfan

*000*2024-04-02 13:33

The story took place on a warm summer evening. Exactly a week before this day, I met Lena - a tall, pretty, curvy blonde. On that significant day, she looked simply gorgeous: her long blond hair simply sparkled in the sun, her thin yellow T-shirt hugged her elastic breasts, and her short skirt made her desirable. We walked, laughed, sat on a bench and kissed. We felt very good, but because of the heat we were thirsty all the time. Lena emptied a whole bottle of mineral water.

The time was approaching evening, and she wanted to go home. I went to accompany her. At the house we kissed for a long time, then Lena said that it was time for her to go.

I was already walking towards the stop when I heard someone catching up with me. Turning around, I saw Lena hastily clicking her heels. It turned out that she had no one at home, she forgot her keys, and she couldn’t get into the apartment today. I offered to spend the night at my house, and she immediately agreed, only asking how far it was to travel to me.

As we walked to the stop, I offered her another drink. At first she refused, but then she drank a little. Lena sat tense in the minibus, but to my questions, smiling nervously, she answered that everything was ok and asked how far it was still to go. Finally we arrived and went into the department store. While we were wandering around and choosing what to buy, Lena asked:

- Let's grab something quickly and go to you.

I bought mineral water and we left the store. - Do you want ice cream? - I asked

- No. “Let’s go to you,” Lena asked in a worried voice. - Fine. Are you a little nervous somehow? - I?! No, nothing... Just... Well... no, nothing!.... By the way, will it be possible to go to your toilet? - she asked, looking down. Her face turned purple. - Of course you can! – I reassured Lena.

At this time I met an acquaintance and we started talking. Helen began to imperceptibly tug on my hand, and from her facial expression I noticed that she was asking me to end the conversation as soon as possible.

Finally we approached the house, went into the entrance, went up to the first floor, went to the elevator, and I pressed the call button. Lena asked what floor I live on. I replied that it was at the highest level. She sighed and clenched her legs tightly. The elevator descended from the fifteenth floor, the LEDs above the booth with numbers slowly moved in descending order. Three, two (Lena sighed nervously and froze for a second in the “heron” pose), one: the doors opened, we entered the cabin, I pressed the button with the number “16.” Then we drove off. Lena was very focused, and even crossed her legs. The numbers now lit up in increasing order. Nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, four…thirteen. The elevator shook and we were stuck between the thirteenth and fourteenth floors. And it was just Friday the thirteenth.

- What's happened?! - Lena panicked.

- Looks like we're stuck.

I tried pressing the buttons, but it was no use. I had to call the elevator operator through the dispatcher. While talking with him, I noticed how the girl began to dance slightly.

- Crap! What a bad time!!!

- What's happened?

- I'm ashamed to say...

- Come on, talk, don’t be shy.

“I want to go to the toilet,” Lena said and blushed deeply, “I’ve been waiting all the way from my house.”

Having uttered the last phrase, she pressed her hand between her legs and began to dance.

- What, do you want it so badly? - I asked, excited by her words.

- I have never wanted it so much! I could barely ride the minibus, I thought I couldn’t stand it. And now I don’t even know what to do. Ssss. - Lena whined. I didn’t know how to help her, but I was getting more and more excited. I hugged her and tried to persuade her to be patient longer.

- Oh. SSSS. Well, you have to hit it sssss like that. I feel so ashamed. Oh oh oh! Lena squeezed herself in the crotch with her hands, closed her eyes, danced in place, and, drawing air into her chest, uttered a dull sound: “SSSS.”

- Oh, Lyosha, I can’t take it anymore, what should I do? I need to pee, I'm going to burst! She looked so pitiful and worried, and I tried to console her.

- Are we leaving soon? What a stupid elevator! - she kicked the elevator doors and immediately squeezed her legs sharply - I can’t!!! AAA!!! My poor bladder!!! I'm going to explode!!! I am now ready to give anything to get to the toilet!!! – Dancing and whimpering, Elena said in a panic, “What will happen to me?” I'm afraid that I'll wet myself soon and you'll laugh at me! - she whimpered again.

The girl looked so tender and vulnerable that I wanted to ease her suffering, but I could not help her. I reassured her, assured her that I would not laugh at her, no matter what happened. Her breathing became heavy, and beads of sweat appeared on her forehead.

- My bladder! Damn elevator!! Ahh!!!! SSSS. I'll describe myself now. I want to piss! I can not take it anymore! It will soon pour into your panties!

She rubbed her crotch with all her might. And suddenly she screamed loudly!.. I noticed how the first stream broke free.

- Damn, I can’t take it anymore, ahh!!! - She bent in half, and I noticed how another powerful stream wet her panties. Lena straightened up and made another attempt to control herself, but it was too late: the stream flowed down her legs. The girl began to cry, - Oh, horror! I peed myself like I was little!

I hugged her, and she barely managed to stop herself from peeing completely and making a puddle in the elevator. Lenochka's panties were completely wet, and she wiped her amazing legs with sanitary napkins, which fortunately were found in her purse. She even covered her face with her hands out of shame. I removed them and kissed Lena on the lips. She answered me the same.

“I’m ashamed in front of you, I’ve embarrassed myself so much,” my Lenochka said pitifully, having calmed down a little. But I quickly convinced her that nothing terrible had happened, well, just think, she didn’t endure a little: anything in life can happen, and, in the end, there is nothing fatal in it (and in addition it had a very strong erotic-sexual effect on me - stimulating effect).

Soon we were released from the elevator. Lena was not in such a critical condition, but she still wanted to write. Opening the door to the apartment, she quickly ran to the toilet to babble and then rinse off in the shower. The night was unforgettable, I will not describe it in detail, so as not to traumatize the psyche of people who find the description of sexual scenes disgusting and obscene, as well as this story itself.


*004*2024-04-23 09:30

Thank you! I wrote this story back in 2003


