Omovember 2020: Day 16

Author: PPP

*000*2020-11-18 03:31

$$

Like I said, a day late for this one. Hope it was worth the wait!

###

Day 16: Shy bladder Amalia (Wakfu)

###

Amalia Sheran Sharm, princess of the Sadidas, was not the most fond of her royal duties. All in all, she would have to say she greatly preferred her current life of adventure. Still, this lifestyle was not without its annoyances. She could do without the leering stares of her travelling companion Sadlygrove, for instance. Also, the boundless enthusiasm of little Yugo, another party member, could go from endearing to annoying very easily. And as much as she liked sleeping out under the stars, nothing could compare to a soft bed. In the end, it was sometimes hard for her to go without the comforts of a life of royalty.

Amalia and company were currently hiking through thick forest towards the next stop on their journey. The ultimate goal being Oma Island, where they hoped to find information on Yugo’s mysterious heritage. They were a long way from the sea now, however. The terrain was gruelling, especially given Amalia’s preference for going barefoot, and she could tell the others were feeling it as well.

Evangelyne, Amalia’s bodyguard and best friend, was the first to speak up.

“We should probably stop and rest soon,” she commented to the princess. “We’ve been walking for ages, and we don’t want to exhaust ourselves.”

“Agreed,” Amalia whispered, “but I don’t want to be the one to admit she needs a break.”

“Come on, there’s no shame in admitting it,” Evangelyne pointed out. Amalia was about to argue, but Yugo spoke up first.

“Um, everyone?” he asked hesitantly. “Could we take a little break? I kinda have to pee.”

“Sure, kid,” said Ruel, Yugo’s guardian and the elder statesman of the group. “Truth be told, I need to drain the dragon too.” He sighed. “Yet again. Ah, the joys of growing old.”

“Same here,” Sadlygrove added.

“Me too,” Evangelyne admitted, sounding a little embarrassed. She pointed to a thick cluster of trees up ahead. “In that case, boys on the left, girls on the right.”

With that, the party split up by gender. Once the guys were out of earshot, Evangelyne breathed a sigh of relief.

“I’m glad Yugo brought it up,” she said. “I’ve been holding it in since we left town.” She lowered herself into a squatting position. “Amalia, do you need to go too?”

“No, I’m fine,” said Amalia.

“In that case, do you mind keeping watch for me?” asked Evangelyne. “In case Sadlygrove tries to peep on us?”

“Okay,” said Amalia, a little reluctantly. She turned away and heard the rustle of fabric, then a continuous splashing sound and a sigh as her friend began to pee. Amalia tried not to listen, not just out of respect, but because she was also starting to feel the urge to relieve herself. However, one of the effects of a sheltered upbringing was a shy bladder. Amalia couldn’t stand the idea of someone watching or even hearing her pee, even her best friend. During their travels in the wilderness, she had often held it in the entire day before sneaking off at night to do her business. Even then, she could only pee in complete silence; the slightest sound would cause her urethra to clamp shut.

Amalia squirmed as Evangelyne kept peeing, humming to herself as she sprayed the forest floor.

“Ooh, that feels good,” she sighed, inadvertently making Amalia wince. “I didn’t realize I had to go that badly!”

“Y-you don’t say,” the princess replied as a jolt ran through her bladder. Shortly after, the torturous pitter-patter of Evangelyne’s pee came to a halt.

“Ah, much better!” she sighed. “Do you mind getting me something to wipe with?”

“Sure,” groaned Amalia. She snapped her fingers and a few leaves fell from the trees above.

“Thank you,” said Evangelyne, grabbing them. She wiped herself off and stood up. “All done!” she called.

“Took you ladies long enough,” Ruel grumbled from the other side of the thicket. The group reformed and continued on their way, Amalia now needing to pee worse than ever.

Her condition only worsened as they marched on. Amalia’s bladder was jostled with every step, begging to be emptied. She cursed herself for her modesty and tried to hold it in.

We’re almost there, she tried to convince herself. It’s just a bit farther to the next town.

“Are you okay?” Evangelyne asked, noticing her friend’s pained expression.

“Fine,” Amalia lied, “just fine.”

An hour passed, and much to Amalia’s dismay, there was still no sign of civilisation. By this point, she was getting truly desperate. Her knees shook as she rubbed her legs together, trying to keep her pee from leaking out.

“How much longer do we have to keep this up?” moaned Sadlygrove.

“According to the map,” said Yugo, “we should reach town by nightfall.”

“Nightfall?” Sadlygrove and Amalia moaned simultaneously. He stared at her.

“I didn’t think a princess of the forest would be whining about this,” he teased.

“I am not whining!” huffed Amalia, stomping her foot in irritation. “I just- eep!” With her focus interrupted, she felt a single drop of urine leak into her panties. She fell back in shock, her face red.

“Amalia!” cried Evangelyne, rushing over to the fallen princess. “Are you okay?”

“No!” she finally admitted, searching for a plausible explanation. “I’m injured! Eva, stay with me! Everyone else, leave us!”

If I’m going to humiliate myself, Amalia reasoned, it’s best if only she sees it.

“Hmm,” Evangelyne muttered once the guys had gone. “You don’t look hurt. What’s going on?”

“I, um, lied earlier,” Amalia confessed, her bladder throbbing painfully.

“So... you’re not injured?” asked Evangelyne, confused.

“No!” cried Amalia. “I mean, yes I’m not injured. But I lied before that!” She blushed redder than ever before continuing. “I have to, you know, water the flowers!”

A look of confusion crossed Evangelyne’s face, then one of understanding.

“Ohhhh,” she said slowly as she realized. “Why didn’t you say so earlier? I mean, there’s no need to be modest around me. We’ve taken baths together!”

“It’s not that!” said Amalia. “It’s… I… I have a shy bladder!” Evangelyne giggled at that, but quickly caught herself.

“Aw,” she said sympathetically, “so that’s why you never… hmmm. I think I know what to do.”

“What’s that?” asked Amalia.

“I’ll go ahead and tell them that you needed to absorb some life energy from the forest. Then you’ll be alone to do what you need to do.”

“You really think they’ll buy that?” Amalia questioned. Evangelyne shrugged.

“Hey, Sadlygrove will believe anything I tell him. And the others aren’t the questioning type.”

“I guess you’re right,” said Amalia. “Okay, we’ll go with your plan. Thanks, Eva.”

“Any time,” said Evangelyne. She ran off to spread the word.

Once she was alone, Amalia waddled over to a nearby tree, hands between her legs. She summoned some bushes behind her for additional privacy, then removed her skirt and underwear with trembling hands. Instead of squatting like Evangelyne, however, Amalia instead widened her stance and thrust out her hips. Making a V-sign with two of her fingers, she reached down and spread her labia. Her bladder relaxed and pee rushed out in a powerful torrent. The golden stream hit the trunk of the tree with a loud splash, sending droplets flying. Pee ran down the furrows of the bark, forming a foamy puddle on the soil below.

Amalia sighed in relief as she continued to water the tree. Peeing standing up was an essential skill for any adventurer, male or female. Luckily, Amalia had mastered it early on. Her stream was still going strong, so she decided to have some fun. She widened her grip and thrust her hips even further, laughing as her pee sprayed the bark at nearly chest height.

“Just as good as a boy!” the princess said with a grin.

Eventually, her stream lost height as her bladder began to run dry. Amalia took a moment to admire the massive dark patch she had left on the tree, then produced some more leaves to wipe with. Once she had cleaned up, she ran off to rejoin the group, humming merrily at the massive pressure that had been lifted from her.

“Well,” said Sadlygrove, “sounds like someone had a good time.”

“Oh, you have no idea,” Amalia laughed.

###

*003*2020-11-19 04:20

{{4 hours ago, Kei said:

That was absolutely amazing!

}}

Thank you very much!

