Solo

Author: pleasure

*000*2019-10-15 07:17

I wait in agony for the signal.

The ropes tying my wrists together behind the chair are starting to give my skin a burn, not just from the tightness but also my hands wriggling in place trying desperately to free myself. It burns, but I won’t stop.

I shiver as I feel the sudden, warm and steamy blow of air coming towards me in the cold temperature room.

Still no signal.

The pitch black from the blindfold begins to affect me as I realize the tightness of my bladder is reaching capacity. The air’s presence slowly reaches me. A light touch on my knee. I flinch and try to pull my legs away, but the one in front of me pressed their hands down on my shaking knees more firmly this time. The water I had previously consumed is now getting closer to exiting my body, I can feel it. I try to squirm away from their grasp once more and tremor to feel their lips softly brush against my thighs. Whimpering and shifting my weight on the chair from side to side did nothing to ease the pressure of my full bladder.

No signal.

Their lips continues to kiss my inner thigh while keeping my legs spread wide open. It’s coming. My desperation is coming closer to its dead end. The quiet room makes the echo of my panting sound like thunder, and adding to it every now and then is a sound of a water droplet.

A.... Water droplet?

I gasp and try to look down between my trembling legs but can only see a slight hint of the natural lighting through the cloth tied around my eyes, coming from the one window most likely on the opposite side of the room. I can’t be peeing... It can’t be dripping off the chair and onto the floor... I hear the droplet again and realize the timing of it is almost at the same time as when my sweat would hit the floor after falling off the side of my burning cheeks. It doesn’t make sense: The room is cold, but I’m sweating this much?

Where is the signal?

While focusing on my increasingly desperate need to pee, I forgot about the one kissing my thighs until I felt a tingling sensation all over my body which made me jolt. It’s starting to feel weird. I can imagine them tickling my sensitive clitoris and maybe later fingering me, too...

What am I thinking?! Am I going crazy? There is no way I am enjoying this!

They keep rubbing it, and I expected it would even hurt a bit from how overly sensitive it is at this point from how desperate I am to pee and with the vulva otherwise being in its’ normal state, but it wasn’t. I can tell how lubricated their fingers are from grazing over my wet pussy, just with how amazing it actually feels rubbing against it. I hear the chair creak as they lean forward and start licking my pulsing clitoris. Their wet tongue... Slowly moving back and forth, up and down, circling clockwise and counter, against my wet pussy. The climax is approaching, easily noticeable by how I am now grinding myself into their face. I don’t want them to stop. I don’t want them to stop.

I hope the signal never shows.

I can feel it coming. My orgasm is now making its well deserved journey to a climax. Ah... Right there... I tilt my head back a bit and moan, preparing myself for an amazing orgasm.

I lose control. They pull back as my pee immediately increases speed and splatters onto the floor. I breathe heavily as I take off my blindfold and watch the flow continue to drip.

It stops.

My wet fingers enter my mouth as I lick them clean.

I wonder what I should imagine next time...?

**First story. Hope you enjoy**

