Gotta Go!

Author: Peeing8

*000*2023-04-08 02:27

Hi! So this is my first attempt at a story. I hope you like it!!

There was no other way to describe it. Sasha needed to pee. NOW. She was in the backseat of a cab trying desperately not to release the flood inside of her. It's not like she had WANTED to get this desperate, but she was at a bar and this dress was way too difficult to get on and off to pee, so she just decided to hold it. She wiggled and grabbed her crotch tightly as she leaked on this cab's seat. She started to quietly whimper as another long spurt escaped her.

Finally, she made it home. Sasha quickly paid the driver and rushed out, ignoring the small wet spot she was leaving behind. She bolted up her door, leaving drops of pee trailing behind her, but was holding her crotch too tightly to open the door. She whined as another long spurt escaped, and she realized she was not going to make it. Not even caring any more, she lifted her dress, yanked her already wet underwear out of the way, and let loose. A strong jet of urine exploded out of her, and she moaned so loud, it was a wonder no one peeked to see what was happening. She peed and moaning for 2 minutes straight before finally stopping. Sasha sighed and finally unlocked her door and went inside, leaving behind a large puddle on her doorstep.

Sorry it's so short! I'm on my phone and this is my first attempt at something, so I decided to just keep it short. I'm open to any and all suggestions for improvements!!!

