The Hannah Chronicles

Author: pinkelpeter

*000*2022-01-08 21:03

After years of lurking on this great website, I finally got around to contributing something. The following is a translation of a German fanfiction I wrote, partly based on a true story. The first chapter is entirely wetlook, no omorashi yet, so feel free to skip if you're not into it. I hope to build it into a series, so I titled it "The Hannah Chronicles". Please enjoy and give me feedback, I'm still trying to find my style of writing.

Prologue

On a summer day's night, a friend and I were drinking and minding our own business at a moderately secluded spot. In the distance, we heard voices and music. Must be two girls. We didn't see anything because it was dark. Later on, there was some commotion, drunken screams and the like. We listened to decide whether they need anything. We concluded that one of them managed to throw her cellphone into the water and they were now arguing what to do about it. As they were clearly underage, I did not investigate further and let my mind continue the story. I never found out how the real story ended. All names and details are pure fiction, the fictional characters are in their twenties.

Chapter 1: IP68

"And she actually meant that!", Hannah laughed. She and her friend Laura finally got around to meeting at their favourite drinking spot at a local basin, a secluded spot with an idyllic artificial pond and a place to sit, a metal storm drain directly above the water. The evening in July was getting late, it was getting dark but it was still much warmer than they expected. Hannah, an athletic young woman with short bleach blonde hair was regretting her decision to wear jeans and a white long sleeved top that day, but was okay with it in the evening. It was one of those evenings that were bound to last long.

Laura, a petite woman with long brown hair enjoyed this evening with Hannah. She wore red capri pants and a black tank top. A fitting outfit for a summer's night. The two talked of this and that, their college experiences and more or less pleasant stories with men. For the later part of the evening, they brought a bottle of wine, as neither of them were excited about beer. Laura asked her friend how it's going with men lately. Hannah started to talk about her current love interest and wanted to show Laura a picture of him.

Hannah tried to grab her phone in a swift motion and missed it. Accelerated by her hand, it slid across the storm drain and disappeared at the end of the platform, towards the pond. Splash. Hannah needed a few seconds to process what just happened. As she realized that her phone in fact just fell from the platform into the basin's inflow, she let out a scream. In the same moment, she jumped to her feet and panicked. Her phone was waterproof, which saved it from some accidents in the sink before, but now it was not just wet but gone.

She ran around the fence and looked at the water surface. The water was unclear and it was dark, so she had no chance of seeing anything. Before she could asked, Laura gave her her phone with the flashlight turned on. As always, the two friends understood each other without words. Even with lighting, Hannah could not see anything apart from reflections, no indication of the water's ground to know the depth. She continued looking at the surface and was petrified.

Laura tried thinking about ways to help her friend. "Hannah! Keep calm! Your phone's waterproof!", she tried to calm her. "Yeah, I know that! But it's gone! I can't see it anywhere!", Hannah responded while pacing around near the water. "I have to find out how deep the water is here", Hannah said to herself, while carefully lowering herself to the surface and putting her hand into the water. She couldn't care less about the seam of her longsleeved top getting wet. As her hand got deeper and deeper into the water and reached her elbow, she still couldn't feel anything apart from algae. She became even more nervous.

"Well, how deep is it? I thought maybe half a meter (20 inches) or less", Laura commented, who slowly got infected by Hannahs panic. "Wait, I'll hold you. Lie down!", Laura commanded. Hannah followed on the spot and got on her stomach, Laura held on to her legs. This way, Hannah could get her arm into the water up until her armpit, but even this was not enough. As Hannah got her arm out of the water, she automatically held it away from her body to avoid getting more of herself wet. Although it was dark, Hannah's sun tanned skin was clearly visible through the now completely see-through sleeve of her top. "What do we do now?", Laura asked. The same moment, she had an idea. "Hannah, it's no use. You have to get in there!"

Despite her panic, Hannah was surprised: "What? In there? But I don't have any bathing suit!". Laura answered briskly: "Yes, I know that. Do you have any better idea? Come on, it's warm and you can change when we get home." Hannah knew that her friend was right, although she did not like it. She looked down at herself. Her outfit was in no way suitable for swimming. She was concerned about her favourite pair of jeans and thought about undressing it. Underneath, she wore a pair of skimpy, gray panties.

From washing them, she knew that they turn slightly transparent when wet. The jeans had to stay. Of course, she only wore a red bra under her white top which showed a bit too much for public, so she couldn't undress her top either. "Okay then. At least the shoes..." she told herself and undressed them to have at least them safe from the water. She forgot that she could also undress her socks, somehow. Laura was content, although she could not hide her pity for her friend. She helped her by holding her hand while they got back to the basin's shore.

"At least the water isn't cold", Hannah commented while touching the surface with her toes in black socks, "or it would be even worse. Okay, go on". Laura slowly let her friend continue down into the water. Her foot was now completely underwater. She hesitated for a moment when the seam of her jeans touched the water. "I'm sorry", she said to her favourite jeans and continued submerging her leg. Deeper. Deeper. She got her leg up to the knee into the water and still couldn't feel ground.

Then, finally, she felt something at the tip of her toes. "I can feel the ground!", Hannah exclaimed euphorically, until she realized that she got nearly all of her leg, just before her crotch, into the water. "Laura, pull me back up!", she told her friend. As Hannah left the water with help from her friend, Laura couldn't help but be amused about the sight. Hannah's right leg was completely dark blue, she could see it shining and dripping in the phone's flashlight. Her left leg was completely dry. Hannah looked down on herself and had to smile. For a short moment, she thought that the dripping wet pant leg did not only to look interesting, but the heavy and slightly clingy fabric did also feel interesting.

"Okay, now I know how deep the water is. I can stand there with ease", Hannah explained. Luckily, she was rather tall with her 1.75m [5'7''] of height. That this meant that her jeans had to be completely submerged in the water did not limit her joy. She sat down at the steep shore and lowered her legs into the water. If the situation wasn't as problematic and did she not wear full-length jeans, this could very well be a nice day at the pool, she thought. She put her arms on the basin's bank and lifted her hips. Slowly, she let herself get deeper and deeper into the water. Her formerly dry pant leg was soaking as fast as the other. Hannah was happy about her arm muscles, as they allowed her to move in such a slow and controlled way. When she felt the ground, this time with both feet, she let loose. She did not expect the ground to give way. It was a layer of soft mud on top of the hard concrete underneath.

When her feet dug into the mud, her crotch got into the water suddenly and unexpectedly. She let out a moan. It wasn't cold, but the sudden wetness between her legs was still a surprise. She now stood on the ground, although in a layer of mud, and the water level reached up to her belly. Her top was also drenched a bit and moved upwards.

"Okay, I made it", Hannah said. Laura left her no time to rest: "Well? Can you feel it somewhere? Be careful not to step on it!". Hannah started right away to make careful movements in the mud. After a while of only feeling the mud's drag, she felt a hard, heavy object. She checked it with her toes. Was it a stone? No, she was certain: It was her phone! "Got it! There it is!", Hannah informed her friend. Laura was relieved: "Great! Now you just have to get it out of the water!". Hannah realized what this meant: She tried, but had no chance of grabbing the phone with her feet, even less with socks on. She tried to grab it with two feet while holding onto the bank. No chance. She didn't want to risk kicking the phone away unterwater and lose it again. She looked at her friend. "Laura. You have to get it."

"What, me? But why?", Laura exclaimed. "Well think about it. Because I'm wearing a white top. And what happens to white clothes when they get wet? Why do you think I didn't want to take it off? Your clothes are much better suited!", Hannah answered. Although Laura understood her friend, she didn't think of her own outfit as bathing clothes. She thought about her red capri pants and black tank top. Surely, none of it would turn see-through. She tried to protest nonetheless.

"B-But... I only just got them. And it's cold..." - "It's not cold! If I didn't have to find my phone, I would call it perfect bathing weather. Come on, please help me." - "Okay, okay", Laura resigned. She slowly walked up to the bank and looked down to her friend whose upper half was still outside of the water. Laura was shorter than Hannah, this moment reminded her of it. She also got out of her shoes and didn't wear socks. As her friend before, she sat on the bank and let her feet into the water. "Hannah's right, it really isn't cold", she thought to herself, almost happy about it.

She slowly lowered herself further into the water. When her crotch touched the surface, she got back up. "Hannah, it's too deep", she said to her friend. Hannah answered: "Turn around, hold onto the bank. I'll catch you". Laura did just that, turned around and felt her friend's hands on her hips. For a brief moment, Hannah thought that Laura's wet pants somehow felt pretty nice and was surprised by this thought. "Okay, ready?" - "Ready!" Laura let herself down into the water once again, feeling her friend's hands guide her. When she finally felt the muddy ground under her feet, the water was reaching up to her boobs. She looked up at Hannah. "Thanks. Now, where's the thing now?", she asked. "There, I'll show you", Hannah said, while moving her foot to the phone's position and making Laura find her foot with hers.

"Ah, I feel it. Oof. You really owe me, you know that?" - "Yeah, whatever you want. Please try it." Laura had to force herself. Although she was already almost completely submerged, she wanted to save at least most of her long brown hair. But now there was no turning back. She got down into the dark water and tried to feel for the phone. She was afraid to open her eyes underwater, but she wouldn't be able to see anything anyway, as it was pitch black underwater.

After a while, she got back up. Hannah looked at her, expectingly: "Well? Did you get it?" She couldn't help but look at her friends wet black tank top. It glistened in the shine of Laura's phone's flashlight. Apart from the glistening, the outline of Laura's bra was also clearly visible, as the tank top clinged to her body like a second skin. Laura was surprised by her friends thorough stare. She answered: "No, I couldnt. You know that I can't open my eyes under water. And it's pitch black. No chance. You have to do it yourself, face it."

Hannah wasn't happy with this answer. The whole ordeal took far too long already. "Laura, if we see anyone on our way home, you'll have to walk closely in front of me, okay?" - "Okay, yeah, got it. Don't think about it." - "Well okay". Hannah resigned. She fixated her foot on the phone one last time, got down into the water in one swift motion and grabbed her foot. She found it. Finally. She held onto it and got back up. With a triumphal "Yesssss", she held it into the air. The phone answered by happily showing the lock screen. Of course it still worked. Hannah quickly cleaned the mud off of it and only then became aware of her surroundings again. She looked down on her body. As expected, her red bra shone through the white top as if it did not exist. Only some air bubbles made one believe that this was in face completely drenched fabric.

"It doesn't look too bad, actually", Hannah joked. She couldn't be mad about it now, she was euphoric to have her phone back. She looked at her friend who was also glad about it. There was no anger left about their wet clothes. "Now we should get out. Wait, I'll help you", Hannah said and helped Laura up. She pulled herself up onto the ground and turned around to help Hannah. Both now stood there dripping, exhausted, but happy. When Hannah looked to her friend, she noticed that Lauras red pants not only turned a darker shade of red and glistened, but also turned slightly transparent.

"Hey Laura, nice panties!", she joked. Laura didn't let herself be teased, although she also noticed that her black underwear was clearly visible through her tight-fitting pants. "Come on, we have to celebrate!", Hannah said, and got back to their former spot. "Will we now open the bottle of wine at last?", Laura asked, and started their favourite music playlist on her phone. The two friends, still dripping wet, sat down on the storm drain and clinked their glasses. "Here's to IP68*!", both said.

*IP68: A manufacturer's rating for (amongst others) phones, certifying the ability to withstand water immersion up to 1 meter (40 inches) and 30 minutes.

Chapter 2: A hard day's night

The evening continued. Although it was warm, the clothing of the two only dried slowly. None of them were particulary angry about it, as it was still warm enough and this was supported by their inner warmth, thanks to glass after glass of their favourite wine. Both were obviously tipsy. Hannah started to notice her bladder. She was always proud about her high bladder capacity and thus did not give a second thought to it, as she was immersed in their conversation. Some more time passed until her need was really starting to become big. Hannah interrupted her friend and, slightly slurry, told her "Wait, wait, give me a second. I'll be right back, I'm almost peeing my pants, haha", and tried to get up.

The Bierbankeffekt* hit her instantly and put her back to the ground. Laura was amused by this, the wine had an effect on her also. "Yeah, I'll have to go too. Don't hurt yourself. And don't pee your pants, haha", she teased her friend. Hannah apparently sat down a bit too hard, as she felt something between her legs. "Oops! I guess I just let a squirt into my pants.", Hannah said, herself surprised by this explicit description. She looked at her friend who did not seem surprised by this. "Oh Hannah, you always overestimate your bladder. But wait, I'm slowly becoming desperate too now". Laura knew that her bladder was way smaller than her friend's. If her bladder told her that she had to go, she could not wait for another hour like her friend. She last used the toilet before their meeting, but that was some hours ago already. Hannah always had fun by teasing her friend with her small bladder and tried to get her sidetracked by continuing the conversation, despite her own need.

This time it didn't take too long for Laura and her bladder to report themselves again. "Okay, okay, now I really have to go. I can already feel it coming. I'm nearly peeing my pants", she said, half joking, half realizing that this was no exaggeration. She tried to get up and failed in the same way as her friend. Hannah laughed about this and repeated her friend's words: "Don't let it go into your pants. Or just pee your pants, they're already wet anyway". Hannah didn't know why she said that. Laura felt a big spurt in her pants and a warmth between her legs. She could stop it. "It's not funny, Hannah. I actually peed my pants a little. I can't hold it much longer.", she said, trying to appear angry, but she was far too happy overall. Hannah felt the same: "Yes, it is funny. I now have spurted in my pants three times already.

I'm thinking about giving up and just letting it go." Laura was surprised about her friend's words: "Letting it go, what do you mean? Are you peeing your pants deliberately now?". She was getting increasingly irritated as she lost another spurt and only managed to regain control after a second. "No one's talking about deliberately, it's not like I have much choice. I'm just going to relax now and... aah", Hannah moaned. Laura was surprised by this and looked between her friend's legs. Her crotch actually turned slightly darker and started glistening again. Hannah was euphoric: "it's... finally... I had to go sooo bad... It's going and going", she couldn't say a whole sentence from her relief.

Both of them heard the water splatter underneath them, as Hannah's pee flowed out of her jeans, through the storm drain, directly into the water below. This was too much for Laura, she knew there would be no escape now. "But you can't... Oh dear, I'm... aah... Now I'm going too. I'm peeing in my pants!" she said, half to herself. Hannah was happy for her friend's relief and, after an eternity, was finally empty. "Now, isn't this better?", Hannah asked her friend. Laura had to agree: "I... well yeah... it is, but... But my pants were already wet, so..." - Hannah interrupted her: "-and now they're a bit wetter, exactly!'. The excitement was over quickly, the two girls got back to their wine glasses and continued their stories as if nothing happened.

Even later, the girls got tired. Hannah yawned: "I think we should get going, right?" Laura agreed, it was time. Sadly, neither of them were particularly sober and thus again had problems getting up and packing up. To make things worse, both of their bladders made themselves known again. "Hannah, I think I have to go yet again. If the seal's broken, right?", Laura laughed and Hannah agreed: "Yeah, me too, me too. But we should be able to make it home, right?" It wasn't a question. What else should they do, so they got going. They had about half an hour of rural roads ahead of them. That is, half an hour when sober. In their current states, it's more likely to take an hour. At the middle of their journey home, Laura started to take increasingly smaller steps. She had to go. She was starting to realize that she wouldn't make it home if they continued so slowly. Laura slurred: "Oof, I think this is going to be close. Oh well-" Hannah looked at her friend who quickly squatted.

"Laura! Are you peeing there now? But you're still wearing your pants!", Hannah asked surprisedly. Laura answered: "Well it doesn't matter anymore, does it? My pants got wet twice today and I don't want to hold it anymore". After a few seconds, Hannah could see a dark spot appear between her friend's legs, where her black underwear started to shine through again. She also saw a steady stream pattering on the ground, seemingly uninterrupted by Laura's black panties and red pants.

"It's good that you squatted down. Your pants were too dry, you can clearly see a dark wet spot there.", Hannah informed her, curiously watching her friend pee. She also noticed her own bladder, but she knew that she could get home more or less dry. When Laura was finished, they continued their way. After an eternity, they reached their homes and separated. Hannah was now fully aware of her bladder and also started to feel very tired all of a sudden. "Bye, take care! Write you tomorrow", Laura said, before she continued her way home. After Hannah reached home, her first stop was the bathroom. She immediately got in there, sat down and relaxed. "Finally", she thought. But something felt wrong.

Awakened from her half-asleep state, she realized what happened as she looked down on herself. She completely forgot to pull down her jeans or underwear. She quickly stopped. This accident could only be caused by her half-deliberate wetting from before, she thought. As she reflected on it, she realized that she somehow liked the feeling. She felt her now rewetted underwear stick to her and saw the dark spot on her jeans. A thought came to her: "My clothes need a washing tomorrow anyway, I could very well...". She quickly got up and into the shower. It felt weird standing in the shower fully clothed, but she liked it. "And now I'm just going to let it all flow into my pants, just like before", she thought. It didn't take long, as she still had to go pretty bad. She felt the warm wetness spread in her crotch and slowling flowing down her pants' legs. She could observe the dark wet spot growing bigger and streaks appear. She liked the view.

When she was empty at last, she opened her jeans to examine her slip. If she didn't know better, she would have thought it was a dark shade of gray naturally. The formerly light gray fabric was completely drenched. She slightly pushed to let some more drops get into her pants. The gray fabric glistened again. Hannah was content with her decision to wash her clothes right away and continued. She took the shower head and first pointed it at her black socks. They couldn't get any wetter, as they were already drenched by her pee flowing out of her jeans. Hannah continued further upwards and soaked her pants' legs. She liked how her jeans got wetter and wetter the second time this evening. Reaching her crotch, she paused. She first soaked her jeans from the outside, then from the inside. She enjoyed the jet of water on her soaking wet underwear, massaging her lady parts.

The jet continued upwards. She soaked the seam of her top which instantly turned transparent again. Continuing upwards, she soaked her boobs and could clearly see her red bra shine through the completely transparent longsleeved top. Hannah looked down on herself and thought that yes, in fact, she can look really sexy. Under the flowing water, she took off her jeans, which plopped heavily to the shower's floor. She observed her grey panties once again, which were also slightly transparent, as expected, and gave her a good view on what was beneath them. Next, Hannah undressed her top.

Although harder said than done, she managed, and was rewarded with an undisturbed look at her glistening wet red bra. Almost sadly, she took her bra and panties off eventually. Before leaving the shower, she couldn't help but play a bit with herself. After hanging her dripping wet clothes up for drying, she smiled, thinking about her evening. It was something different. She lay down in bed and drifted off to sleep in no time.

*Bierbankeffekt: Literally "beer bank effect". From "beer banks" in German-style beer halls, the long sets of table and bank. This means the sudden spike in feeling drunk as one stands up after drinking for some time.

*001*2022-01-09 12:42

Here's chapter 3, this time originally created in English. Looking forward to feedback from you. Enjoy!

Chapter 3: Putting the pieces together

Hannah woke up at noon with the tell-tale dry mouth and a slight headache. "Wine. Never again", she thought, as always. This promise to herself didn't usually last long. She tried to recall the events of yesterday but it was all blurred out. After drinking some water to aid her recovery, she got out of bed and to the bathroom. Her clothes from yesterday were hung up over the shower and still looked a bit wet. She was surprised by this. "What happened yesterday? Why are my clothes wet? We didn't swim, did we?" Hannah was puzzled. Turning on her phone which had some traces of mud in the speakers, she got a message from her friend Laura. No matter the amount of drinks or the lateness of the evening, she could always count on Laura to get up way earlier than her.

Laura wrote: "My head is exploding. What a night. I can't remember anything and I found yesterday's clothes lying on the floor soaking wet. Whatever happened yesterday?" Hannah's answer followed promptly: "Yeah, me too. I somehow hung my clothes up, at least. Let's talk. Call me when you can.". Waiting for her friend to call, Hannah dressed in comfy clothes, consisting of black leggings and an oversized red hoodie. Underneath, she kept her sleeping outfit of black, full-cut panties and a red t-shirt. Knowing Hannah for more than a minute, one is made certain that her favourite dress colors are black and red. She sat down at the kitchen table, got herself a nice, black coffee and tried to collect her thoughts.

"Muddy phone... Wet clothes... Drinking at the lake...", her thoughts came and went in fragments. Finally, her phone vibrated, showing Laura's face. Hannah was so excited that she nearly kicked her phone off the table but caught it last second. She accepted. "Heeeeeey drunkard!", she slurred into the phone.

"Ugh, give me a break. This wine is liquid headache, you know. How are you?", Laura sounded tired and hung over. "Fine, I guess. I'm glad it's a saturday, that's for sure. So, tell me, what do you remember?", Hannah pressed, "I only know that all of my clothes are still dripping and I took a shower yesterday, apparently. Why would I take a shower with all my clothes on? Oh, and also my phone had some mud stains on it. Very strange.". Laura took some time to process what she heard and think about her own experience. Finally, she answered: "That is indeed strange. I found my clothes on the floor, dripping wet, but I didn't take a shower yesterday. I should, though, my hair smells like pond water... Wait what?", she interrupted herself.

Hannah followed promptly: "Pond water you say? Wait... Do you think we took a swim yesterday? But why wouldn't we undress... Oh, I don't remember bringing a bathing suit, so that's why. But why is my phone muddy? By the way, I nearly kicked it off the table just when you ca... Laura.", Hannah said. Her friend realized it in the same moment: "You... you think it fell into the water and we got in to recover it? I guess it sounds realistic, given how clumsy you are with your phone. We probably were too drunk to give a second thought to our clothes." While on the phone, Hannah went through her photos, trying to look for clues of yesterday's events. She found a selfie video of them sitting at their spot, half-dark. She sent it to her friend and told her: "Watch the video, maybe we'll find out something." Both started the video simultaneously while still talking to each other.

In the video, the two girls were singing and enjoying their time. Hannah said to the phone: "I can't believe we're doing this, look at that!" and put the phone closer to her. After a few seconds, a dark spot appeared on her crotch. Hannah and Laura were both taken aback by this. "Wait what? Is this real?", Laura exclaimed. Hannah was speechless: "I... It's my phone... But why...", she stammered.

The video continued with Hannah turning the phone around to face Laura, who also spread her legs and moaned slightly. Suddenly, a dark spot appeared between her legs too. Both girls, looking at the video, could not say anything. The video ended with them singing along to "Wetter" by The Singularity: "The wetter, the better! I want you, I want you!" they sang, still peeing when the video cut off. It took some time for the girls to say anything, what they just saw was just too weird. Finally, Hannah said: "So I guess... we peed our pants? They must have been already wet from our involuntary swim earlier. I guess I thought of cleaning them right away, hence the shower...".

She always had a talent for processing the weirdest situations and facing that she and her friend did something strange while drunk. "Oh my... Come to think of it, probably not the weirdest thing that has happened to us. Like when you decided to collect road signs and gave them names." - "Oh yeah, I remember one-way-chan and 4th-street-senpai! You're right. I'm glad we found out what happened and that you aren't too weirded out by it." - "No, I'm not. But still I'm glad that nobody saw us. It's for a good reason we have a secluded spot. Okay, I think I'm goona try to get rid of my headache and clean myself up. Talk to you later! Bye!" - "You do that. Bye!".

Hannah was herself a bit weirded out, but also curious. Why did they do it? Their clothes may have been wet already, but isn't it weird to just pee in them instead of taking them off? After thinking so much about peeing, her bladder must have felt the need to say something. Hannah remembered that she did not, as usual, take her long morning pee after getting up. She was too curious about the wet clothes and what happened yesterday. She got up and went to the bathroom. She pulled her leggings and panties down and sat on the toilet. Before she started, a thought jumped to her. "What if...", she thought.

Hannah was taken aback by her own thought. She hesitated for a moment. "I'm curious how it feels. We had fun yesterday, apparently...", she argued with herself. Curiosity won and she stood back up, took her black panties back up and sat back down. It felt unfamiliar to sit on the toilet with her underwear still on, but somehow not at all uncomfortable. She let loose for a moment and cut the flow instantly. A spurt got into her panties and she heard some drips. She felt warm. "It's... actually kind of nice", she thought. Her panties were already wet now, so there was no point in going back. She relaxed once again. The flow started, quickly spreading warmth and a visible shiny spot on the fabric of her panties. Her pee accelerated and the spot grew. Her underwear was saturated now and did not obstruct the flow.

After peeing for some time, Hannah started feeling empty. She heard some drips falling from her panties. She pushed once more, trying to get as much as possible into her panties. When done, she instinctively took some toilet paper and wiped herself. When she pulled her leggings back up, she paused to think of what she just did. "My panties are quick to clean and used to one or another drop of pee, but I didn't want my leggings to get wet. Oh well...", she thought. The unfamiliar but exciting feeling overcame her concerns. She felt the outside of her crotch on her leggings.

They felt a bit wet already. She liked the leggings' spandex material as it did not show sweat when she used them to work out. In this case, this trait was useful too. Although they felt wet, nothing was visible on the outside. Hannah flushed the toilet, wiggled around a bit to feel her wet panties, and walked over to her PC. After nights of drinking, she usually took some time to play an MMO until she was better. Her chair was made of hard wood, so she had no concerns because of her wet pants. She sat down, again feeling her panties pressed against her womanhood. She enjoyed this feeling and started up the game.

After gaming some time and drinking large amounts of water to counter the hangover, Hannah started to feel her bladder fill up again. She was used to this feeling when gaming, as the right time to pause was almost never. She joined a game mechanic involving about 30 minutes of time. In a short thought, she was reminded of countless earlier times when she had close calls, sprinting to the toilet after game events and sometimes loosing a few drops before she could pull her pants down. This time, the feeling of being on the edge came far earlier than she anticipated. Midway through the event, she started to feel really desperate and shifted around on her chair. "Maybe I could take the edge off by taking a short pee?", she thought. This option never occured to her before, but after last night and today, it did not seem as bad.

She decided to try it. With a push and immediate contraction, she managed to forcefully, but controlledly, spurt into her panties and leggings. She looked down. For a short time, she could see her leggings glisten a bit between her legs, but it immediately became dull again. What stayed was the warm wetness in her pants. It actually worked, Hannah was calmer now and could concentrate on the rest of the game. When it finally finished, Hannah was on the edge of peeing her pants again and started her familiar routine of hammering "brb" into the in game chat, sprinting to the toilet and opening the lid.

She felt another spurt come out, rewetting her still damp pants. She knew that her pee would come out when she touched the tight waistband of her leggings. She only had a short moment to deice what to do. "Screw it", she said loudly to herself, and sat down once again without taking her panties or leggings off. It came out instantly, forcefully. Hannah was fully peeing through her leggings and panties. Once again. She felt an almost ecstatic relief, peeing and peeing without feeling it getting less. After most of her bladder emptied into her pants and the toilet, she put her hands between her legs to feel the wet fabric.

Hannah felt her fingers through two layers of soaking wet fabric on her delicate parts, slightly massaging them. She pushed again, feeling the wetness spread in her crotch and flowing out of her pants over her fingers. She rubbed them upwards, spreading the wetness over the full front of her leggings. This was too much for her, she immediately put her fingers into her leggings and massaged herself through her wet panties. The drenched cotton felt incredible, how it sticked to her skin and squished slightly. She rubbed her clit through the wet fabric and, in almost no time, had one of the most intense climaxes of her life. Together with her pee, she squirted into her panties and pants. She was in another world.

After some time, she regained consciousness and found herself sitting on the toilet, hand in her pants, feeling wet and wild. She pushed one more time and fully emptied herself into her pants with the rest of what she had. She wiped the outside of her leggings with some toilet paper and slowly got up. Her legs were shaking a bit. She slowly walked back to her PC, sat down in her soaking pants, and took out her phone. "Laura. I did it again. It's beyond words. Do you want to come over later?", she wrote to her friend with shaky fingers. She pressed "Send" and leaned back on her chair. Almost instantly, her phone vibrated and read: "Oops, me too. Be there at 5. See ya!"

*002*2022-01-09 16:12

And because I was motivated to continue the story, here's another part. I don't yet have concrete plans for this story, so I'm currently planning chapter by chapter. Let's see where it will go.

Chapter 4: Laura's day

Hannah was preoccupied the entire day. Did Laura mean what she thought she did by "me too"? She was still in her leggings from her gaming session before and contemplated on whether to change before her friend arrived. As both her leggings and underwear were mostly dry, she decided against it. While keeping her leggings on, she undressed her red hoodie, put a black sports bra on. Going through her clothes, she chose a red tank top and her favourite red and black sports jacket over it. She liked her athletic wear for being both functional and comfortable. Hannah got herself another bottle of water and sat back down at her computer.

At 7pm sharp, her friend finally arrived. The greetings were swift, both girls were eager to talk about their days and what happened. Laura was dressed in black knee-length capris and another of her countless black tank tops. She seemed excited and wore her up-to-no-good-smile on. Hannah promptly let her in and they sat down in the kitchen. "So, Hannah, tell me all about your day. What exactly did you do after we talked?", Laura said. Hannah told her story in great detail, although a bit nervous about her friend's reaction. When she finished, Laura confirmed: "So you're still wearing those leggings and panties now?" - "I'm afraid so. Now, tell me your story. I thought about it all day. What did you do?" - "Well. It all started with my morning coffee...", Laura began.

"You know how I can't start my day without coffee, right? As I was particularly tired this morning, I drank two cups basically straight away. Normally, I would continue to the toilet a short time after, you know my bladder, but then you wrote. And we had the call where we found out about yesterday's events. When I saw you and me just freely peeing our pants on video, it started to tingle in my bladder. It must have been reminded too, I guess. So after we finished, I thought about this feeling for a bit. I was already kind of desperate, but I wanted to know how long it would last and what happened afterwards.

Apparently I liked it yesterday, giving my moan, so I wanted to remember how it felt. I went to the bathroom, my wet clothes still lying there from yesterday. They were still damp, but moderately warm thanks to the weather. I thought about it. They needed a washing anyway, right? So I stripped naked and first put my black panties from yesterday on. It was a strange feeling having damp panties touch my crotch, but it wasn't uncomfortable. My need increased by the minute, so I hurried up. I took my red capris from yesterday and pulled them up.

To complete yesterday's outfit, I changed into my black tank top and bra. I thought to myself, now I was ready. Ready for what? This felt like a strange plan. Nonetheless, I still had to pee like crazy, so I only had moments to decide whether to follow this plan or abort. Needless to say, I continued what I began." Hannah was hanging on her lips, occasionally nodding and smiling. Her friend's story reminded her of her own. She started to get aroused by the thoughts of Laura's plan.

"So anyway I stood there, fully clothed, in my bathroom, having to pee like crazy. I thought about what to do? Just let it all out? I couldn't bring myself to it. So I tried to push a bit. Didn't work. Pushed again. Nothing. Despite feeling like I'll wet myself, my body was shut. I pushed on my bladder with my hands. I tried relaxing. Just when I felt it coming out, I tensed up again. I tried pushing again and immediately contracting. It finally worked! I never thought I could be happy from spurting into my pants! It wasn't much, but enough to feel a warm wetness spread in my panties and making a small wet spot appear on my red pants. I tried it again, only now finding it more difficult to stop than to start. I quickly jumped in the shower after I spurted for like two seconds until I managed to cut the flow. Streaks already appeared down my pants' legs and my underwear was starting to feel saturated. I instinctively squatted down and then it hit me.

A detail we missed from yesterday. I remember doing exactly that, squatting down on some side road and forcefully peeing into my pants. I got more and more excited by this thought. This time, I didn't have to push. The moment I let loose, it basically exploded into my pants. It first pooled down my crotch and then shot out of it and pattered on the shower's floor. I peed for what seemed like an eternity. I have no idea why, but it felt absolutely fantastic to let loose this way and more-or-less deliberately pee in my pants.

When I finished, I stood back up with shaky knees and felt my drenched panties move around in my pants. I touched my pants from the outside. They were completely wet between my legs. I let out a moan when I touched that special place, feeling my fingers through my wet clothes. I quickly opened my pants and... I'll spare you from details", Laura was taken aback by the fact that she nearly told her friend of her pleasuring. They were close, but they never explicitly talked about this stuff before. "No, go on, tell me! I'm all ears!", Hannah said. "Well okay then."

"So I put my hands in my dripping pants and felt my black panties completely drenched. With the pants out of the way, I could suddenly feel my fingers way more intense. I started to massage myself. I don't know why, but I pushed again and some more pee came out, into my panties, flowing through my fingers. I don't have to tell you that I long started to get wet in more than one way. So I finally reached inside my panties and properly massaged myself. Thinking about what I just did. What we saw on the video.

What I remembered from yesterday. And then I just exploded. It was out of this world. It crept up from my toes, up my legs, into the warmth of my crotch and boom. I had difficulties staying conscious and not falling over. My god, I can't describe it even." Hannah started to feel aroused, getting reminded of her own extraordinary experience today. She couldn't describe it either, but she knew what Laura must have felt. Laura continued: "So after a while, I came back to the living and looked around. There I am, standing in the shower fully clothed, with my hands in my dripping wet pants. Who'd have thought that? I was a bit amused about the absurdity of this situation. I remembered that I originally wanted to wash my clothes and myself, so I turned on the shower above my head.

I first soaked my hair, as it needed some time with shampoo and all. Then I put my legs under the water, one after another. I felt excited about the look and feel of the pants getting wet, more and more turning a dark shade of red. I stepped forward to soak my hips. When the water hit my crotch and soaked the last dry part of my pants, I moaned again. Finally, I let the shower soak my tank top and bra, which also looked pretty... sexy, I guess? when wet. After all my clothes were soaked, I undressed and hung them over the shower wall. I finished by actually cleaning myself and stepped out of the shower.

While drying myself off, I looked at my dripping wet clothes and was still surprised about, but also extremely satisfied with what I just did. A short time after, I texted you. And now we're in the present.", Laura finished. Hannah was speechless. As Lauras story went on, Hannah slowly remebered her own wet shower yesterday night, which somehow resembled Laura's. Both girls were now waiting for one to say something. Finally, Hannah whispered: "That was intense. And erotic... Thanks." - "You're welcome. So... What are we doing now to process this? How about watching a movie?" - "Great idea. And, you know...", Hannah said, looking at Laura's black capris, "I found another bottle of wine." Laura was looking at Hannahs leggings and said: "I think I know where this is going. Go start the movie. I'm already starting to feel something in my bladder."

*003*2022-01-10 18:02

{{2 hours ago, PeeHour said:

Wow, I'm really liking this story! As another wetlook fan and a wetting fan, this story scratches both itches! I can't wait to see what's next!

}}

Wow, I feel like talking to a celebrity :D Thanks for your words. Your stories actually inspired me to start one of my own that involved both wetlook and wetting. Hope I can continue entertaining you :)

Until I've got the next chapter ready, here's how I imagined my characters designed in The Sims 4.

$$

