I Couldn't Stop

Author: peeterpants

*000*2025-11-02 22:27

We’d been on the road all day. My girlfriend Lauren and I were almost home after visiting her parents upstate. We took turns; neither of us capable of driving the full ten-hour journey. I’d been driving for a while. Long enough for Lauren to fall asleep in the passenger seat. We’d switched after our last stop at the gas station, where I bought an energy drink to keep myself from dozing off behind the wheel. I also, stupidly, passed on a visit to the bathroom. As a trans person in a fairly conservative area, gendered public bathrooms were difficult to navigate. Especially when you gotta ask for the keys. While buying my drink, I could tell the clerk was trying to determine my gender. You learn to spot that pretty early on in transition, and it always made me so nervous. I just wanted to get out of there as fast as possible.

I was really regretting that choice. The urge to pee was getting harder to ignore. We were only about forty-five minutes from home at this point and it was late. Most stores were closed and the gas stations I passed were dark. I also didn’t want to wake Lauren until we got home. My only option was to hold it. I thought I had a large bladder until I transitioned, and bathrooms became less accessible. I did have a few close calls but I’d never had an accident. So I genuinely thought I would make it home without issue.

The pressure was rising and I was squirming. I couldn't cross my legs obviously, but I couldn't even use a hand to hold my crotch. Wearing mens jeans as a trans man restricted me from grabbing myself. I couldn’t reach, the extra space for a penis meant my parts were too hard to get to with the stiffness of my grey jeans. My only option was to squeeze my thighs shut and grind into the seat. I only had half an hour left. I kept telling myself I could hold it until then. I’m an adult, I wasn’t gonna pee my pants. Adults don’t pee their pants.

I felt like I was about to pop. My belt and the waistband of my jeans were squeezing tight against my protruding bladder. Doubt started to creep in as it started to burn. I had no idea what to do. This has never happened to me before. There were no cups in the car or places to pull over. My energy drink came in a can, I definitely couldn’t pee in that. I couldn’t undo my belt without both hands, which is kinda impossible to do while driving. My only option was to hold it. By this point, I was starting to worry that I might not be able to do that. I was facing a very real possibility that I wouldn’t make it home in time. There was no way I could survive being so humiliated. I silently begged my body to hold on.

It suddenly felt like my entire lower half went numb. I froze when I felt it, a slow, spreading feeling of warmth. I was peeing. Desperately I tried to squeeze my thighs together and stop the flow. All it did was bring the wetness up to my lap. The dam broke and I couldn’t stop. I was sitting there in the driver’s seat, full on peeing in my pants. The pee pooled beneath me. I couldn’t stop. The puddle started to drip off the seat and onto the floor of the car. I couldn’t stop. It was starting to seep into my shoes. My hands gripped the steering wheel and I couldn’t get myself to look down. I could feel a small ocean in my seat, and I was still going. I couldn’t stop.

My eyes were welling up with tears, threatening to spill just like the puddle on my seat. I couldn’t cry. I wouldn’t let myself. I was pissing my pants. I couldn’t add crying on top of it. This was humiliating enough on its own. Physically, my body was relieved when the stream finally stopped. However I was horrified. There was no way that really just happened. There was no way I just had an accident. Silently praying it wasn’t that bad, I finally got myself to inspect the damage and started to panic internally . It was bad. My thighs were soaked. The light color of my jeans made the wet patch glaringly obvious. I spread my legs a little and saw the pool of urine between my thighs. I couldn’t believe what was happening. I’m a grown man and I just peed my pants.

Right next to my sleeping girlfriend.

I immediately snapped back to reality. For a moment I’d forgotten she was in the car with me. There was nothing I could do to hide this. She’s gonna wake up, we were only twenty minutes away from home. I thought maybe I could park, run inside, change, and then wake her up. But that wouldn’t work, she’d notice the change of pants and the puddle in my seat. Besides, she’s a fairly light sleeper and she’d wake up at the sound of the car door. She was going to know I had an accident and the idea of that was overwhelming.

Will she be mad? Disgusted? Is she gonna laugh at me? Dump me? She was the sweetest person I’ve ever known but I was still afraid. I’ve never wet my pants before, let alone near someone who’s gonna find out. I’ve never felt so vulnerable and small as I did then. Was she going to look down on me for this? Will she question my masculinity? I never thought peeing my pants would be so triggering for my dysphoria. Men don’t pee themselves, they whip it out before that happens. The idea of having to tell her I had an accident made everything so much worse. I had to say something. What does one even say in moments like that?

I was so mad at myself for letting this happen. I should’ve just used the gas station bathroom, judgy clerk be damned. Peeing myself was so much more embarrassing than anything that guy could say. What am I, a child? Lauren’s probably going to ask a bunch of questions and I have no answers. My pants were starting to get cold. I couldn’t ignore the feeling of my pee soaked jeans. I just wanted to disappear.

My mind was racing in those last twenty minutes. The giant lump in my throat made it hard to breathe. What was I supposed to do? I still had no plan when I finally pulled into the driveway. I took a deep breath before turning the car off. I turned the key in the ignition and then there was silence. Lauren stirred beside me and I gripped the steering wheel as hard as I could and stared straight ahead. My cheeks were burning bright red and my breath was catching in my throat. In the corner of my eye I watched her wake up.

“Are we home?” She asked, her voice heavy with sleep.

“Y-yes” I stuttered, trying and failing to keep my cool. She sat up and seemed to fully wake up instantly.

“Are you okay?” My position didn’t change. I couldn’t look at her, I couldn’t say anything. I was desperately trying not to cry in humiliation and anxiety. In my peripheral vision I could see her looking at me with concern. Her eyes went from my face, down my torso and then to my lap. I saw her eyes widen in shock at my wet pants. Lauren repeated her question, with a softer tone. “Are you okay? What happened?”

“I’m sorry.” I took a deep, shaky breath. “I had an accident. I thought I could hold it. This has never happened to me before.” I couldn’t get myself to look at her.

“It’s okay, I know how hard it is for you to use public bathrooms.” She stroked my hair and placed her hand gently on my shoulder. As if she could read my thoughts she said, “This doesn’t change how I feel about you.”

“Really?”

“Yes really, wet pants don’t change who you are.” She grabbed my hand and squeezed it. “Let’s go inside and get you cleaned up.” She smiled and I nodded. At that moment I was grateful I had waterproof seat covers.

I opened the car and as I was getting out, I could feel the pee shift and pour down the back of my legs. More splashed on the floor of the car. I looked at the puddle and the seat really did look like a damn ocean. It was shocking to me how much I had peed. My face burned in shame as Lauren came around from the other side of the car. She noticed I was staring at the seat. She grabbed my hand and softly kissed my cheek.

“Don’t worry about it, we can clean that up later.” I didn’t say anything, I just nodded.

I still felt incredibly embarrassed. Her kind reaction helped but it didn’t change the feeling of the cold, wet denim sticking to my legs. It was a harsh reminder that the world wasn’t built for people like me, and there’s no guarantee that this won’t happen again. However, if it does, I hope she’s nearby. This incident helped me realize that while the world as a whole might not accept me, she did. Even when I pee my pants.

