Desperation and Snow Peeing at Corporate Christmas Party!

Author: Pally4

*000*2026-01-25 22:30

"Tell me this isn’t a tax write-off," Alex muttered, watching the rented Santa wobble on his platform boots as he hoisted a martini glass with shaky fingers. The corporate ballroom smelled like spiced rum and desperation, the kind of holiday cheer that came laminated in an expense report.

Across the room, Laura—dressed in an elf costume that looked like it had been shrunk in the wash—balanced a tray of canapés. A Catherine Hepburn look-alike, Laura spoke with an equally waspy and chipper tone and pattern of speech, accompanied with an air of natural innocence that betrayed her lovely legs this evening.

They'd met at a library fundraiser last month, where she’d been dressed as a woodland fairy, wings askew, handing out bookmarks with earnest enthusiasm. Alex, dragged there by his sister, had pretended to care about literacy just to keep talking to her. Now, here she was again, this time with a short green skirt that rode up when she bent over, revealing the lace edge of her green underwear, an indelible sight, indeed.

Laura sidled up to him, clutching the tray like a shield. "They told me it was the right size," she whispered, cheeks flushed. Her fingers plucked nervously at the hem, tugging it down an inch that wouldn’t stay.

"One of the other girls said Mrs. Burkins approved the costumes personally. I think she mixed up the ‘elf’ and ‘naughty elf’ budget lines."

A harried stage manager materialized out of nowhere, "You’re on in thirty seconds," he hissed, before vanishing into the crowd. Laura knocked back half the glass in one go, wincing at the synthetic cinnamon burn.

Mrs. Burkins was now leaning against the CFO’s shoulder, her fingers tracing the rim of his champagne flute. Mrs. Burkins was his boss's wife, and while a lovely woman for her age, Mrs. Burkins was known to be envious and sometimes a tad snarky to pretty younger women, Laura the most recent addition.

Alex hesitated at the edge of their circle, catching only fragments of the joke—something about "Santa’s sack" and "year-end bonuses"—before Mrs. Burkins spotted him. Her grin widened. "Alex! Sweetheart, come here," she purred.

The CFO smirked, swirling his champagne. "Your boy here got that promotion yet?" he asked, too loud, like Alex was a dog they were evaluating. Mrs. Burkins’ grip tightened on Alex’s tie, her thumb brushing his collarbone.

Across the room, the rented Santa—now half-slumped against the bar—dropped his martini glass with a shatter. No one turned. Laura exhaled, adjusting her tray, the ridiculous skirt riding up again as she crouched down to the floor. Her panties were on display, much to the joy of the older men in the room as she cleaned up Santa's drink mess with a towel someone had handed her.

Alex felt Laura's fingers brush his elbow—cool from clutching her glass, steady despite everything. "Hey," she murmured, slipping into the conversation like she'd been there all along. She smelled like synthetic pine and the cheap vanilla body spray the costume company had doused the elves in. "We're doing the gift opening in five. I've been asked to do it right outside in the back yard here so that the white snow serves as the background. We're filming it and broadcasting it." Laura said.

Mrs. Burkins’ grip on Alex’s tie loosened just enough for him to turn his head. Laura wasn’t looking at him; she was staring straight at Mrs. Burkins with the blank politeness of a customer service rep facing a belligerent drunk. "Mrs. Burkins," she said, sweet as poisoned sugar, "they need you for the ribbon-cutting. Something about optics."

The older woman’s smile flickered. The CFO cleared his throat, suddenly fascinated by his shoes. Laura’s fingers tightened around Alex’s elbow—not pulling, just *there*, an anchor in the storm of Mrs. Burkins’ perfume. "Right," Mrs. Burkins said after a beat too long, smoothing her bodice with a hand that trembled slightly. "Of course."

Outside, the snow had begun to fall in fat, lazy flakes, muffling the distant hum of the city. Someone had strung fairy lights through the bare branches of the courtyard trees, casting erratic shadows over Laura’s face as she adjusted the tripod. The camera’s red light blinked like a warning. "They didn’t give me a script," she admitted under her breath, brushing snowflakes from her lashes. "Just said ‘be festive.’"

Alex hovered awkwardly beside her, acutely aware of Mrs. Burkins watching from the doorway, her velvet-clad arms crossed tight over her chest. Laura’s boot tapped an uneven rhythm against the frozen ground. "One other thing I’m dealing with right now?" she said, stepping from foot to foot subtly. "I could really use a pee break." Her laugh was thin, strained at the edges.

A gust of wind sent the fairy lights swaying, throwing fractured shadows over Laura’s bare thighs. She didn’t shiver—just clenched her jaw and reached for the gift basket with both hands, her fingers reddening against the cellophane. The basket was stuffed with corporate-branded chocolates and a bottle of wine that probably cost more than Laura made in a week.

The camera guy grunted, adjusting his lens. "Let’s make it quick," he muttered, glancing at Laura’s skirt with the same detached interest of someone checking a weather app. Behind him, another elf—a guy in suspenders stretched tight over his shoulders—held out a novelty-sized pair of scissors with a smirk. "For the ribbon," he said, deadpan.

Laura shifted her weight again, her bladder pressing insistently against the tight elastic of her panties. The cold air wasn’t helping—every exhale fogged between her lips, and her skin prickled with goosebumps under the sheer fabric of her tights. She was subtly stepping from foot to foot, stopping only to clench her thighs together extremely tightly.

"May I please have permission to run the restroom?" Laura asked suddenly, determined to remain professional but struggling to stand still while she waited for an answer.

Rolling his eyes, the camera man simply said, "Fine."

Inside, the party noise swelled like a tide, drowning out the soft whimper she let out when she saw the bathroom line snaking down the hallway. Three women—two in sequined dresses, one in a reindeer headband—leaned against the wall, scrolling their phones with the patience of people who hadn’t been holding it since the third round of cocktails. Laura bounced on her heels, fingers twisting in her skirt fabric. The reindeer woman glanced up, took in Laura’s flushed cheeks and white-knuckled grip on her own waist, and smirked. "Elf problems?"

Laura’s laugh came out strangled. "Something like that."

The bathroom door swung open with theatrical slowness, releasing a cloud of floral-scented steam. Laura’s thighs pressed together so tightly she shuddered. The sequined women exchanged glances. "Go ahead, kid. You look like you’re about to piss glitter."

Laura didn’t wait for a second invitation. She barreled past them, the bathroom tile icy against her bare soles as she slammed the door shut so hard it bounced back open. She didn't care, she was dying for pee. She was just about to pull down her panties and seat her cure butt on the toilet when the stage manager’s voice crackled through the hallway: "Laura! You’re on!" The urgency in his tone suggested he was moments away from sending a search party. Laura's pussy muscles squeezed shut with the strength and discipline of a young woman whose career was on the line, and she'd worked much to hard to jeopardize it over a piss.

Outside the bathroom, the sequined women snickered at the audible squeak of panic Laura let slip. She yanked her skirt back into place, the damp lace of her panties clinging uncomfortably as she bolted for the door.

Outside, the camera crew was in full meltdown—literally. Someone had knocked a space heater into a puddle of slush, frying the extension cord powering their equipment. The cameraman knelt in the snow, swearing violently as he tried to splice the wires with a pocketknife, his breath fogging the lens. Laura’s bladder pulsed with immense pressure as she began pee dancing in great frustration.

Alex approached her, and before he could speak, she took the initiative.

"UGHHH, this is so annoying. I was so close to... peeing." she hesitated before saying the dreaded P-word. "Now I'm sure the line is back." Laura said to Alex. She felt the devilish temptation to grab her crotch and squeeze tightly but didn't dare.

Mrs. Burkins materialized behind them, her velvet bodice now partially unbuttoned to reveal a lace-edged camisole that looked suspiciously like repurposed elf lingerie. "What’s the hold-up?" she demanded, tapping a stiletto against the frozen patio stones. The CFO hovered at her elbow, smirking as Laura crossed her legs tighter, her thighs trembling with the effort of not sprinting for the nearest snowbank.

Mrs. Burkins’ stiletto tapped faster, her smile curdling at the edges. "We’re *live* in two minutes," she hissed, as if the concept of time had personally betrayed her. The CFO plucked a shrimp from the salvaged tray still clutched in Laura’s hands, popping it into his mouth with a wet smack. "Relax, Marjorie," he said, grinning around the tail. "Nobody watches these things anyway."

Laura’s breath hitched—every curtsy-step sent a fresh jolt through her bladder, the pressure building like a shaken soda bottle. The fairy lights flickered overhead, casting her shadow in jagged pieces across the snow; a disjointed marionette with knees locked tight.

"I REALLY need to pee." Laura said again, scanning the snow beneath around them. She kept glancing back at the house but didn't dare make a run back inside in case they really were about to roll. Alex was struggling with an erection watching her dance around. She kept glancing around, avoiding Mrs. Burkins' annoyed glower. "I could just squat down right here on the snow and pull my panties aside." she said with a whimpering voice, her eyes frantic with absolute pee desperation. "I could pee so quickly, I could just peeeee." she said with a yearning voice, her feet resuming their feverish dance on the snowy ground.

"You really can't wait, can you?" Alex asked in pity, as Laura, over the embarrassment at this point, finally gave her crotch a heavy squeeze. Alex tried not to stare. "Would it help if I asked them how long they think it'll be and if you have time to run back inside for a few minutes?" Laura glanced at the house but was fearful of encountering another wretched line, or even worse, being called back out to set just as she reached the lines end and the bathroom door.

"That’s it!" Laura cried out in full-blown panic mode. "Where’s the edge of frame?!" she demanded, voice cracking on the last syllable. The cameraman blinked at her, thumb still dripping onto the lens, before gesturing vaguely toward a drift where half-buried extension cords snaked into the dark.

Laura didn’t wait for permission—she lunged, elf shoes skidding across the ice-slick patio stones, her thighs pressing together so tight the seams of her tights groaned. The CFO’s laughter followed her like a bad odor as she vaulted over the tangled cables.. Electricity? Fine. Electrocution? Whatever. The only thought her brain could muster was that it was time to pee.

Behind her, Mrs. Burkins gasped as Laura was already dropping into a low squat behind the tripod, one hand clawing at her skirt while the other quickly pulled her panties aside. The cold air hit her bare pussy like a slap, but oh the pee relief was instant, scalding, unstoppable. A steaming jet cut through the snow, melting the snow and ice like acid.

Everyone stared at her beautifully shaved pussy on full display. 19 years old and tight as a drum, Laura's lovely labia shot urine with the precision and pressure of a burst water pipe. Her shoulders sagged, her breath escaping in ragged clouds rivaled only by the clouds of piss steam billowing from her womanhood and the snow beneath her, vanquished by her hot girl pee.

The stage manager’s clipboard hit the snow with a dull thud as he stood watching, slackjawed. Someone’s phone flashed—whether for documentation or posterity, Laura couldn’t tell—but the icy burn between her legs was too exquisite to care. She was nearly cumming with relief by the look on her face. Her eyes were glazed over with the same look as everyone else as all parties were mesmerized by beautiful young Laura and pretty little pissing pussy. "Oh my Goddddd" she moaned as she peed and peed. Her panties clung to one knee like a surrender flag. The snow beneath her sizzled faintly with the loud splattering sound of urine crashing on stone.

The cameraman—still kneeling with his bleeding thumb—blinked at the camera’s playback screen where Laura’s relief was immortalized in high-definition. The CFO plucked another shrimp from the tray, chewing thoughtfully. "That’s one way to melt the ice," he mused.

Mrs. Burkins’ face cycled through expressions like a malfunctioning slot machine—outrage, fascination, something dangerously close to envy—before settling on a tight-lipped grimace. Her stiletto sank into the slush as she stepped forward, the sound of ice cracking underfoot punctuating the silence. "Well," she said, voice clipped, "that’s certainly... *memorable* marketing."

Laura, still crouched with her skirt rucked up, only blinked with a distant stare, lost in the reverie of a relief. that was too all-consuming to muster embarrassment. Not to mention every pair of trousers around were now nursing uncomfortable erections, the men immensely turned on by the young pissing beauty squatted in the snow. The CFO’s phone was still raised, the flash reflecting off the puddle’s surface like a disco ball, zooming in on the last golden droplets trailing down Laura’s inner thigh.

Alex coughed into his fist, but his shoulders were shaking—with laughter or something warmer, Laura couldn’t tell. The CFO tossed another shrimp into his mouth, grinning at the way Laura’s breath hitched as she finally straightened up, letting out a final satisfied sigh of relief. She'd peed for nearly 60 seconds, an impressive feat for anybody to manage.

Mrs. Burkins’ jaw clenched with envy, she too needed to pee—her thighs pressed together under the red velvet skirt, a subtle shift in weigh between her feet. The older woman’s knuckles whitened as she clenched her hands at the sides of her thighs her breath coming in short, controlled bursts. Laura’s own bladder twinged in sympathy—or maybe it was just the ghost of relief still humming under her skin.

Mrs. Burkins’ stiletto tapped an erratic rhythm against the ice, her gaze darting between the CFO’s smug grin and the steaming puddle at Laura’s feet. "This is *unprofessional*," she hissed, though the way she shuddered as she squeezed her legs together tightly seemed to betray her own desperation before the CFO. A bead of sweat slid down her temple despite the cold, her bodice straining with each shallow breath. The CFO smirked, wiping his fingers on his pants before reaching for the last shrimp. "Lighten up, Marjorie," he drawled. "Or are you just jealous you didn’t think of it first?"

Alex’s cough sounded suspiciously like a laugh strangled in his throat. Laura, still flushed and trembling, met Mrs. Burkins’ glare with the exhausted defiance of someone who’d already lost all dignity. The older woman’s thighs clenched—a minute spasm that sent the slit of her velvet skirt gaping open—before she whirled on her heel, her stilettos punching divots into the snow as she stalked toward the patio doors, no longer able to wait to have a much-needed pee, herself.

The CFO watched her go with lazy amusement, fingers drumming against his champagne flute. "She’s been nursing that third martini since seven," he mused, eyes tracking the way Mrs. Burkins’ steps grew shorter, more deliberate, her spine rigid with the effort of not breaking into a run. "She’s got a bladder like a damn camel, but I think your little show got to her." he said, glancing at Laura and Alex.

"Every girl's got to go sometime." Laura replied, not daring to show embarrassment over relieving herself, not deigning to sink to validating the creepy old CFOs blatantly perverted comments on her bodily needs...

The camera’s red light blinked back to life, the lens fogging slightly as it focused on Laura’s trembling fingers tearing into the first gift—a ludicrously oversized box wrapped in corporate-branded paper. Inside, nestled in tissue paper that crackled like old bones, was a gold-plated stapler engraved with the CFO’s initials.

Inside, Mrs. Burkins’ stilettos clicked a staccato rhythm against the marble lobby floor, her thighs pressed tight enough to crack a walnut. The restroom line was barely moving, and Mrs. Burkins needed to PEE. She almost dared playing the "I'm the CFO's wife" card to cut in line, but somehow resisted the impulse. Mrs. Burkins’ nostrils flared. Her bladder pulsed in time with the throbbing vein at her temple.

Outside, Laura’s hands shook as she peeled open another gift—this one containing a monogrammed leather flask that smelled suspiciously of the CFO’s cologne. Mrs. Burkins’ suddenly bolted back outside from the house, her stride quick and purposeful. She didn’t look back as she veered sharply toward the frosted hedges bordering the courtyard—far enough from the camera’s sightline not to care if anyone could still see her. If Laura did it than so could the CFOs wife, damnit, Mrs. Burkins thought to herself.

Her fingers trembled as she hiked up her velvet skirt, the cold air biting at her bare vagina. She muffled her gasps with one hand as she let go, relief hitting her like a tidal wave, her piss jetting deep into the snow with each shuddering exhale of relief.

Behind her, Laura’s voice faltered mid-sentence as the CFO’s phone suddenly tilted away from her—his attention snagged by the faint but unmistakable sound of liquid hitting snow. His grin widened, slow and predatory, as he nudged Alex with his elbow. "Looks like Marjorie’s taking notes from your little elf," he murmured, just loud enough for the camera mic to catch.

Mrs. Burkins’ breath came in deep "ahhs" of relief —each exhale visible in the cold air like a ghost of surrender. The snow steamed where it met her hard stream, the pressure immense, the sound of her piss stream almost deafening in the sudden silence of the courtyard. Only her butt was visible from behind, but boy was a beautiful and shapely butt it was for a middle aged woman like Mrs. Burkins, still peeing and peeing into the snow, huge clouds of relief shrouding her like a fog machine in a spotlight. Finally, her stream tapered to a dribble and she shook herself dry as well as she could.

Mrs. Burkins emerged from the periphery of the courtyard with the dignity of a dethroned queen, her velvet bodice crooked and one stocking seam laddered from knee to thigh. She didn’t meet Laura’s gaze as she stalked past, the snow clinging to her hemline in clumps, but her fingers brushed Laura’s elbow—brief, almost apologetic—before she vanished into the ballroom’s gilded haze, no longer allowing herself to be a subject of fetishistic piss-attention.

It wasn't after the shoot, that Laura and Alex spoke again. Laura spoke up first.

"Well that was fun. Seems Mrs. Burkins was just a little more pee shy than she let on. She hasn't re-emerged from the house since... well you know, emptying the old tea kettle."

Alex paused only a moment before answering, "I'm... proud of you for being so bold as to not feel any shame at all. It's hot." he said, nearly biting his foot on those last two words. But they reached Laura's ears.

Laura grew an impish smile, knowing that she'd turned him on with her girly nakedness while urinating. She decided to push her luck a little further, adding, "Wanna know something that actually is a little embarrassing?" she asked with a conspiratorial whisper. Alex nodded only the slightest of nods, leaning in towards her. "I got just a little bit of...pee in my underwear earlier, and now the wet patch is frozen and it's tickling my... well you know, down there, and actually, I was wondering if you might walk me to my car to remove them...unless you've got more pressing obligations?" she cooed. Alex's penis was hard as steel in his pants, listening to gorgeous Laura talk of the ice piss tickling her private parts.

"Of course I will." was all Alex could muster without drooling. He followed closely behind her, watching her skirt bounce ever so slightly as they waded through the party to the driveway out front. Looking behind them to see that no eyeballs were leering, she walked to her car and opened driver door and started the engine. Then, without missing a beat, she dropped her frozen panties in the snow, just feet before Alex before she climbed into the backseat, her beautiful butt and her gorgeous shaven pussy on full, inviting display.

"Come on in, baby," she cooed as she smiled back at him. "Come in from the cold."

