Vesica Bay: the city that runs on full bladders

Author: ProjectOasis42

*000*2023-07-07 01:00

Ahoy there! Wanted to write this out for a while of my take on a city where everyone holds their pee! I leaned into the sci-fi aspect of it so I could incorporate my Space Sailor OC Alaina! May write a few stories of her living in this city if people really like it! Also if anybody wants to see a reference of what Axotls look like, check my album for Alaina’s ref.

###

Vesica Bay is a coastal city on the planet of Oasis within the Trinary Orbis star system. This city sports a solarpunk green architectural style, wide pedestrian only streets, a robust public transit network, and grand aqueducts distributing water throughout segments of the city. But most notably among citizens and tourists alike is the culture’s primary focus on pee desperation!

That’s right, Vesica Bay is the largest tourism city of many on the planet built around the inclusion of special kinks. This has put Oasis in a notorious position in intergalactic travel and earns tons of money for its home species, the Axotl, who are friendly humanoids with the tail and external gills of an earthly Axolotl.

The city is widely described as being very active and lively thanks to the very few public restrooms throughout the city, leaving everyone squirmy for relief. And this is a celebrated fact in Vesica Bay, with each citizen proudly filling their bladders to the brim with the vast variety of drinks available and seeing how long they can hold. The Axotl are particularly skilled at holding, having the unique trait of having elastic bladders. This means they can go days without needing pee breaks, their bladders ballooning out as a lovely bulge most love to show off. And with the super strength diuretics produced in the city, it’s a good thing they have that lucky evolution.

All over the city you’ll see people fidgeting, squirming, even dancing for a pee break that can be many hours way, and yet they continue to drink with a smile! This isn’t to say peeing is illegal in the city, with every home and hotel room still having full bathrooms available. But everyone who visits is encouraged to try to hold a full bladder as long as possible. The only spots where peeing is strictly banned include aboard public transit or water features such as pools or the ocean, with punishments ranging from fines to pee plugs that only unlock after a set period of time, depending on the severity of the situation. For those who are uncomfortable with being plugged, an alternative sentence is offered of doing community service in the city center, made to hold a full bladder and watch as other citizens frantically squirm in line for the public restroom in the plaza center, unable to wait in line themselves until the sentence is served!

For those who can control their bladders, the city has many features to offer. As mentioned, the city center is a great place to watch people dance in long lines to pee, and grab a snack/drink from locally owned venders in the area. The stadium district offers the chance to watch all kinds of classic sports and E-sports competitions with each team equally full of drinks. Or if one’s looking for a challenge, they can head down to the boardwalk area where the strongest available diuretics are offered. Join one of the holding competitions where the loser pays for the drinks, all while the sounds of crashing, sloshy waves echo the buildings.

Because of everyone being desperate to pee, car use is banned within the city, replaced with rail based public transit that can take you anywhere. You can pay with money, or alternatively thanks to technology, pay with energy eaves harvested from your bladder. Generally, the fuller you are and closer to your limit, the more energy you produce. Many stores and restaurants may offer discounts for this too. This tech can even be used to charge your smartphone and measure bladder capacity, which is a determining factor in whether the restrooms will even open for you or not. The city standard is 90% fullness to open, but private restrooms can have a lower/higher minimum set by the owner.

So if you’re interested in pushing your bladder to the limit, or just want to see a bunch of desperate cuties all around, then come to Vesica Bay! Where everyone is always brimming with excitement~

*002*2023-07-07 03:12

{{28 minutes ago, eucoloco said:

I love dystopia. The full bladder sports matches, the bladder waves energy use and the bladder capacity measuring oh so hot.. please keep going

}}

Thanks! means a lot you like it, I’ll be sure to go in more details about stuff, make my character explore the different parts of the city and everything! Though I should say it’s more the opposite of a dystopia, the Oasian Axotl are just pretty silly with their rules and such when it comes to kink cities!

*010*2023-07-14 18:43

{{On 7/13/2023 at 8:35 AM, wishfulomo0572 said:

So what if someone honest to goodness loses control outside of those areas?

}}

If someone were to have an honest accident outside of strict areas, they might catch a few funny looks and laughs from other people passing by, but nothing too mean. Maybe a small fine from a store owner if it happened in a shop, to cover for cleaning. They would then be directed to the nearest laundromat to clean their clothes, where private showers and temporary outfits are also available. Alternatively they could also return to their home/hotel, as each hotel has a public laundry room available to help customers (and make them want to stay longer). The harsher punishments are more for people intentionally wetting themselves. Though if anyone is worried about having an accident, a few places in the city sell special products to help prolong one’s hold!

{{On 7/12/2023 at 10:38 PM, GermanShepherd said:

A dream city. Cheap public transport of quality, no cars noises and toilets that only people who actually need it can use? Absolute utopia!

}}

Ehe, my fascination with green city planning shone through with this one, might even try to model the project in Cities Skylines 2 when it releases!

*012*2024-03-06 23:24

{{On 12/12/2023 at 11:53 PM, The lll said:

Hmm... I wonder how the school system would work in place like this.

}}

There isn’t much of a school system in place. Since it’s a kink based city, there aren’t any kids around. Thats one of their strictest rules, you must be at least 18! (Or the equivalent legal age of your species.) And as for college education, they don’t participate as much since a full bladder isn’t conductive to learning.

But there are local community creative classes one can take, like painting or pottery, where breaks are sure to be few and far between. Leads to quite a unique art style in the city!

*014*2024-03-07 00:05

{{5 minutes ago, Anon_User said:

How long is « long as possible? » Would there be a required minimum time to hold it for? (I would assume that there would be no max and the city would encourage all to hold for as long as they want beyond the minimum)

}}

Great question! There’s no maximum time, you’re encouraged to hold as long as you’re comfortable with! Though even in a city like this it’s important to listen to your body. Don’t wanna hurt yourself by overdoing it! Or risk an accident, ehe

As for minimum time for holding, it depends. Since Vesica Bay is open to a variety of intergalactic travelers, setting a min ‘time’ is difficult. Instead, the city usually runs on capacity % instead. Aka, how full you are at a given moment! Some public restrooms may not be unlockable unless your bladder is at a certain %, and business owners are free to set their own limits. But private home/hotel restrooms are always available!

There can also be other incentives to keep holding too, like service discounts for those at a fuller capacity, or an extra tax charge on water use.

*016*2024-03-07 05:19

{{5 minutes ago, Anon_User said:

For working, I’m assuming people are not allowed to go on the clock? If so, I can see the reason being that it would interfere with the progress of work, and some businesses would downright not have any bathrooms depending on the job

}}

It depends on the employer. Think I should highlight that it’s NOT meant to be a dystopia where everyone is forced to hold no matter what. This is more of a silly city where people are encouraged to hold, and want to hold! Nobody should feel forced to participate. Some work places may limit pee breaks, but others might offer bonuses instead for those who hold a fuller amount for ‘longer’! After all, a cafe of squirming cutie waitresses will draw in more customers~

*019*2024-03-07 05:32

{{Just now, eucoloco said:

I'm loving how this discussion is going

I hope there's a concrete situation story soon

}}

Glad to see it drumming up interest again (partially my fault since I forgot to reply for months)

A few full stories will be coming in the future! Maybe even some drawings too with my Axolotl gal!

