Komi Can’t Communicate Her Need to Pee

Author: peeying

*000*2023-09-16 22:13

Hi everyone! I’ve always thought that a desperation story for Komi would fit well due to her shy personality and I think she is someone who would have a fair share of such experiences.

This is my first fiction story, hence please be kind! I’m not sure whether anyone would read this story, but if this story is well-received, after the first arc is complete (i.e. the first day of school at Itan), I would like to develop this story into one where Tadano learns of Komi’s struggles with voicing her need to use the restroom on top of her existing struggles with communication and try to help her out. I’m also super open to other suggestions!

It’ll also be quite a slow-burn story if you’d bear with me.

Please also bear with me if some of the details such as dialogues that I may attempt to mirror aren’t super accurate, as I’ve watched the anime quite a while ago!

###

Context for non-Komi Can’t Communicate watchers:

Komi Shouko (‘Komi’) is a female student who suffers from extreme social anxiety, but she really wants to make friends and form connections with her schoolmates. Komi is unable to talk at all and form sentences for most of the series, and instead communicates by writing on a notepad. Komi is also canonically extremely beautiful, which causes her to be treated very differently from others (people treat her as they do a goddess). However, she has grown up thinking that people treat her differently as they harboured dislike for her. Komi is also canonically very kind, innocent, and oftentimes oblivious to others’ intentions.

Tadano Hitohito (‘Tadano’) is a male student who learns of Komi’s struggles and attempts to help her. He was unable to fit in with other students in his middle school and hence also looked forward to having a fresh start in a new school. He is also Komi’s main love interest in the series.

The whole plot of the anime basically revolves around Komi, whom Tadano and a few other classmates try to help her make more friends, to fulfil her goal of making 100 friends.

_____________________________________________

Chapter One

When a person has extreme social anxiety, they struggle to communicate with others. Bear in mind, they only struggle to form connections. It doesn’t mean that they don’t want to.

In the realm of teenage rites of passage, the first day of high school stands a formidable threshold. Itan Private High School was a new beginning for many of the students, those whom in particular were determined to have a reform of their previously not-so-ideal reputation back in middle school. Komi Shouko was one of them, and the day was not just the dawn of a new academic journey; but also a crucible where her crippling social anxiety would be put to the test.

That day, Komi Shouko did not need an alarm clock to have waken her up. She had been up all night, tossing and turning, trying with all her might to sleep but failing miserably. Flashes of the many social interactions she would have drew into her mind, and she had been practicing how she would carry herself in every single one of them - for how would she know how to introduce herself to the class, or how to talk to her table partner? She prayed and hoped all night, that she would be able to utter even a word or two.

As the rising sun cast its glowing rays in her room and the clock hit 6:30 am, Komi sluggishly, albeit still elegant and graceful, rose to prepare herself for school.

She, more anxiously than usual, completed morning routine of brushing her teeth and showering, making sure she was fresh and presentable for her first day and to make a good first impression on her new schoolmates.

She put on her undergarments, a matching pink set with embroidered kittens, and donned her school uniform which comprised of a navy blue blazer, a white buttoned-up blouse, a red ribbon at the collar, and a short red skirt for the very first time.

Looking in the mirror and feeling a little self-conscious, she decided to also put on a pair of tights to cover up her bare thighs.

‘Much better,’ she thought, as she straightened her clothing one last time before grabbing her school briefcase and stepping out of her room for breakfast.

“Shouko! Come, have breakfast! I made you rice balls and a coffee as you looked a little tired today. I bet you haven’t gotten much rest last night.” Komi’s mom, peppy and energetic as ever, voiced.

Eternally grateful for her motherly instincts that always met her needs without having to voice them out, and just a little jealous of how she was able to so easily communicate, something she just could not do no matter how hard she tried.

She drank up the coffee (even got seconds!) and ate the rice balls heartily, then put on her black dress shoes and left for school.

With every step, her heart pumped faster and faster. She envisioned completely humiliating herself in front of everyone, and her fear of social interaction crashing into her in waves.

Suddenly, a discomfort in her abdomen had distracted her from her thoughts.

To her horror, she realised that she had completely forgotten to use the toilet while getting ready for lessons, and before leaving the house.

Komi was faced with a huge dilemma - for if she turned back now to use the toilet at home, she would most definitely be late to class. A horrible impression on teachers and classmates alike! That was out of the question.

But, she did really have to go. It was a sudden crash of desperation, a realisation that she had nine hour’s and two cups of diuretics’ worth of pee contained inside her then.

While her bladder had been trained to hold for extended periods of time as she had always been too shy to ask to use the restroom, for it not only forced her to speak up in class to ask for permission, but also quite literally caused her to announce her need to pee to everyone in class. That was also out of the question.

Not only that, she was also extremely pee-shy and couldn’t pee when others were in sight or within earshot; for it would be deathly if anyone knew that she was performing a bodily function.

Fifteen minutes to reporting time. She knew of an alleyway that almost nobody ever used… she could pee there guilt-free since no one would have to clean her mess up, and no one was likely to see her.

Gripping at the hem of her skirt, she had no idea what to do. This had never happened to her before, she had always made sure to use the restroom before she left the house and whenever she could, as well as monitor her liquid intake. The first-day jitters had brought her this inevitable fate.

‘I can’t risk having to go in class. I’ll just do it quick, and no one will know,’ she reasoned. Giving herself an encouraging ‘pomph!’, she slipped into the empty alleyway.

Hands shaking, she placed her briefcase on the ground far away, far from possible range of her mess, and did a half-squat, resting her back against the wall. Trembling, she lifted her skirt ever-so-slightly with one hand and parted her underwear aside with the other.

Seconds passed, then a minute.

She couldn’t pee. She’d never done this - peeing in public. It’s no wonder she couldn’t force so much as a stream despite her aching and taut bladder when she could hardly do it in a public cubicle.

“Shouko.. please. Just do it, no one’s watching you. Don’t let this mess up your first day,” she gave a rare whisper to herself, begging her bladder for release.

Pushing with all her might, she finally felt her muscles relaxing to give way to the litres of urine thrashing against her urethra.

Finally, a small stream of yellow pee shot out of her, and just as she was about to let go, she heard a voice approaching.

“Hi, my name is Tadano Hitohito. An interesting fact about me is that I’m really good at reading the room. Okay, that should allow me to fit in well enough,” the approaching male voice resounded.

Komi immediately pulled her underwear back while trying to stem her flow, resulting in a small wet spot in her underwear.

She hid deeper in the alley and tried to wait for the voice to pass, desperately rubbing her thighs together. She couldn’t pee here anymore, not after almost getting caught!

After three agonising minutes of bouncing and gripping the hem of her red skirt, when she was sure he would have passed, Komi then made her way to school while trying to keep her regular poised and stoic demeanour.

There was no other choice; Komi would have to deal with her urgent pressing need in school.

