Leah's desperate afternoon

Author: pwpj

*000*2014-06-14 18:37

This is a story - the first fictional account I've written. I've tried to be descriptive (because that's what I like) but I don't know if it is too long for people. Let me know, feedback helps!

I originally posted it on another website but the emphasis is on the desperation not the peeing. I thought it might be better here.

The basis of the story is from something a friend told me happened to them a while ago, with some embellishments and alterations, so it counts as sufficiently fictional.

Leah was a multi-talented 18-year old. She lived in the suburbs of London and was an only child to two decidedly middle-class parents. She did well at her studies, having obtained three A grades at 'A' level the previous summer. However, rather than heading straight off to uni, she decided to spend some time travelling, and would start her studies this September. She'd returned from her travels just before Christmas and in the New Year got a job as a waitress in a pub/cafe in the neighbouring area. Although her parents were sufficiently well off that money wasn't an issue, she was determined to be independent and earn her own money to save for uni.

Brains weren't all she had - with curly dark brown hair down to the small of her back, freckles, a size 8/32B figure standing 5"2' high, she had always been popular with the guys. She was a sensible girl though, and had only had one serious relationship, although he had since moved away. She spoke with a relatively well spoken accent and was regarded by all - from boys her age to the old ladies she served sometimes at work - as absolutely lovely.

She left her house early in the morning to work her 8am-6pm shift. She yawned as she got in, as she'd been working an awful lot lately, picking up extra hours. Her parents were keen to stress the importance of her studies when she went away, so she wanted to save up money now.

Her morning was reasonably quiet, and she served breakfast and mid-morning teas to the few customers there were. She was still quite tired, but a couple of coffees helped with that. Although some of the waitresses liked to lounge about in the back room on quiet shifts, Leah was a very conscientious employee - she would always find something to do, replenishing condiments, polishing tables or re-stocking drinks cupboards.

Lunchtime was reasonably busy and she had to be on the ball - there being only one waitress at quiet times - to keep things running smoothly. By this point all the coffee she had drunk had started to get to her, but there wasn't time to take a toilet break. Being an old building which had been converted, the toilets were down in the basement, and the staff toilets further along the basement still.

By 2pm, her lunch hour, she was quite desperate and as soon as her cover arrived she went down to the staff room in the basement and had a long wee. She wore a black shirt, black tight trousers as her uniform. Underneath was a white and black polka-dot bra and a pair of pretty pink lacey knickers. She sighed happily as she relieved herself, having been waiting for quite some time.

She sat eating her lunch and had some fruit juice whilst she read her magazine and caught up on her phone. As her break was almost over she thought it'd be sensible to go for another wee, although when she sat down there wasn't much to come out, so she pulled her trousers and knickers up and went back to work.

She got back to the bar and collected her keys and pager ready for the last three hours of her shift. It should be quite easy, she thought, since the late shift waitress started at 4pm ready for the evening rush, and she would finish at 6pm before it got too busy.

The afternoon proved busy and very warm, and Leah was kept on her feet all the time, stopping only for a brief drink of cool juice behind the bar. There was a promotion on at the moment, and it seemed that lots of people had come to take advantage of it. Finally a quiet moment arrived and she decided she had enough time to run downstairs and have a quick wee. As she entered the staff area she heard a shout "Leah!". It was Sue, the manageress. She explained that Steph, the late shift waitress, had called in sick "as per usual". Would she be able to work a double shift until 10pm? She was already quiet tired and looking forward to going home - but she could do with the overtime and Sue looked fed up enough as it was. "Yeah, alright, I'll stay until 10.".

"That's amazing, you're a lifesaver as usual Leah! I'll come and help you when we start to get busy.". Leah made her excuses to leave but her pager buzzed, signalling the kitchen calling her, so she put the trip to the loo out of her mind and went back serving.

From 6pm it started to get busier as people left work. By this time people had finished work and were coming out for dinner and drinks. Leah was being run ragged forwards and backwards serving meals, and any quiet moments were taken up clearing plates and replenishing condiments. Sue came out to help at 6pm, but things were still extremely busy. Leah could hold her bladder for a long time, but it was irritating her. However, every time she thought she could nip off to the toilets, something else came up. There was a quiet moment and Sue suggested she go downstairs and put her feet up for 5 minutes. Leah was more interested in the prospect of a wee!

Just as she was walking to the stairs a customer called her over - there had been a mistake with her order. It was disgraceful! She couldn't eat this, there must have been a mix-up in the kitchens! It must be put right, right away! Sue was nowhere to be seen and, kind as she was, Leah went and sorted the problem out. Once this was all over, Sue appeared and reailsed that Leah hadn't taken her break yet. "I'm so sorry, maybe you could go now?". But just at this moment a large number of steaks was plated up and Leah didn't want to disappoint Sue, so she carried on.

It got to 9pm and food service stopped. Leah was thankful because this meant her workload going down. However, she remembered that for the last hour of this shift she had to work behind the bar whilst one of the barmen took his break. She remembered only at 9.10pm and asked if she could nip downstairs quickly first? The barman, Matt, was a grumpy sort - she didn't understand why he'd got the job. "My break starts at 9, so I'm off now. It's all yours.". Ignorant sod, she thought. By now she needed a wee quite badly, but could still hold it without any obvious sign of distress.

She was kept busy up and down the bar for the duration, as many of the diners wanted after-dinner drinks. As she was at the bar, with the till, she couldn't leave even in a quiet moment. 9.45pm. She only had 15 minutes to go! Surruptitiously, she checked the bus timetable on her phone. Her bus, the 42, was due at 10.15, and it was a 20 minute journey home, so she'd be in bed by 11. She'd even have enough time for a quick wee beforehand. It had started to quieten down, but she noticed that she couldn't really stand still for too long, as she had an increasingly-full bladder.

She hadn't reckoned on Matt being an awkward git, though. 10pm came, the end of her shift, and he appeared at the bar, but headed out the door. "Wait, hang on!" she said. "Oh no" he replied "You relieved me 10 minutes late - I'm relieving you 10 minutes late. I'm off out for a fag".

"Ignorant bastard" she muttered to herself, reminding herself never to do him a favour ever again. Another customer came and wanted a J20 from the fridge. As she bent down to reach it, she felt her belt press into her bladder, which was extremely painful. "Aaaah!" she thought to herself. She was quite desperate by this point, but had no way of leaving. Whilst she served the next customer she managed to cross her legs without appearing too obvious. She needed to reach a bottle from high above the bar, and stood on tiptoes. She was well aware that her pert arse would give a fine display to the waiting customer. With her trousers and underwear today he'd probably get to see a perfect outline of lacey knickers.

As she reached she almost lost control, but quickly regained it before disaster happened. She found the bottle she was looking for and moved her hips into a more comfortable position. She couldn't tip-toe, she'd lose control, she just had to reach with her hands - the material of her shirt running tight over her bra. She remembered she'd have to devote all of her thoughts and energy to holding her bladder. She apologised for the wait when she served the customer, who seemed not at all bothered - the view having made up for the wait. He gave her a tip to "buy yerself a drink at the end of yer shift!". She accepted it gratefully, not saying that she' d be far happier with a wee.

Matt finally relieved her at 10.10pm, to the dot. "Selfish arse" she thought to herself. She realised that she had to dash to catch her bus, otherwise she'd be waiting in the cold for half an hour for the next one. She dashed downstairs, hoping she might have tie for a quick wee, but Sue stopped her on the stairs to thank her profusely for doing a double. By this time Leah couldn't have cared for thanks, she'd much rather have the chance to wee. But time was against her and she only had enough time to grab her coat and bag and run out the door to the bus stop. And lucky she was prompt, because the bus arrived just after she did.

She got on, scanned her Oyster and sat down upstairs. She was firmly crossing her legs by now, and needed to take her mind off her bladder, so she put her headphones in. The bus sped out of the town centre where her pub was situated, and gained speed as it went through the countryside towards home. It slowed into the housing estate on the edge of Leah's home area, and turned into a side road. Though it was a 20mph zone the driver was doing at least 30, and there was a *CRASH* as he went over a speed bump.

This just made Leah's desperation even more intense. She hadn't had a wee since 2pm this afternoon and had been drinking all afternoon. She thought back to the last time she was this desperate, on a long-distance coach in the US - but at least she'd been drinking alcohol then rather than fruit juice, and she hadn't gone because a friend had kept her talking, rather than an ignorant colleague! Her thoughts were brought down to earth by another >CRASH< as the driver went over another bump. By this point her stomach felt full and painful, and she had to cross her legs.

The bus pulled up in a layby about a mile from her house. "This bus terminates here" said the automatic voice. "Please take all of your belongings with you!". She didn't hear this because of the headphones, but very shortly a burly driver appeared and asked her to get off. "But I thought you went to the town centre?".

"Aye, normally I do luv. But aven't you 'eard about the roadworks down by the motorway? A'm running late and need ter get back t' garage to av me teabreak on time. Regulations, see". Dejected, she got off the bus and watched the driver speed away. Lucky bastard, she thought. All afternoon she could have gone for a wee, but she was dedicated and conscientious to her customers. This driver reminded her of Matt, who did everything to the book - when it was in his benefit, of course. She stood at the bus stop, alone in the dark - the only other person on the bus having given up and started walking. The next bus was now 10 minutes behind. She thought ironically to herself that she could have had time to have a wee at work before getting the bus, and she'd still be home at the same time. But this didn't help her now.

She removed her belt and put it in her bag - the last thing her bladder needed was extra pressure at the moment. 5 minutes to go. She was crossing her legs and pacing up and down the shelter. She started to think pragmatically. 5 minutes to the bus, then perhaps 10 minutes to her home stop, and 5 minutes to get home. She could make it. She'd been holding it for 8 hours by now - another 20 minutes was doable, surely? 2 minutes. She was breathing deeply. 1 minute. She hoped the second driver was as speedy as the first. It felt like everything had been against her today. She started to blame herself - if only she'd been as ignorant as the others! If only that woman hadn't complained about her meal! She didn't care about anything else right now - all that she wanted was to not have to wee so badly!

The glorious words "DUE" appeared on the display and sure enough the double-decker appeared around the road. Finally, she thought, she was getting somewhere. But if she thought the first bus driver was an arse, the second one was a jobsworth. She got on and touched her card, but she had run out of credit. "You'll need to pay, madam, those are the rules". Great! She's bumped into another jobsworth who's just going to delay her. She explained that she'd been thrown off the other bus.

"A likely story!" said Jobsworth "If you had been thrown off, the driver would have given you a voucher! You can't pull a fast one on me. You must pay the fare, or get off!". Leah put her bag down on the ledge and started fishing out coins for the fare. She could have argued, but she felt that Jobsworth would have none of it and, besides, she just wanted to get home. She was aware of the other passengers tutting and grumbling at her. She was angry - this wasn't her problem! She wanted to get home as quickly as they did! She was desperate!

She found the required coins from her bag (not easy whilst trembling and crossing her legs) and paid for a new ticket. This driver was the polar opposite of the first - he was slow and solemn. It was like one of those perfect drivers you read about in the Highway Code. But safety came second to Leah right now - she urgently needed to get home and empty her bladder. As they proceeded through the estate up towards her house, she thought "Well, at least there won't be any pain from the speedbumps!".

Her mother called her and asked where she was. Although her parents were away for the night, at a B&B on the coast for her father's work conference, they still kept a protective eye on their daughter. Leah explained that there had been a delay on the bus and she'd be home in about 20 minutes. As she put her phone down it slid off the seat and onto the floor. Although she was something of a feminist, she really hoped that one of the guys travelling on the bus would be a knight in shining armour and pick it up for her - bending down right now was going to be really difficult. But, no such luck. She gingerly moved into the aisle and bent down to retrieve her phone slowly, conscious that she was putting pressure on her bladder.

She had a pained look on her face. To add insult to injury, her beltless trousers slipped slightly, showing the first inch or so of her lacey pink knickers. Attractive lingerie was something she prided herself on, but she preferred that it wasn't on display to the teenage boys on the back seat, who wolf-whistled. Normally her feisty self would say something to them, but she didn't care right now. As long as she could get home and pee. A middle-aged lady saw the look on her face as she stood up and leant over - "Are you alright, dear?"

"Yea, I'm fine" Leah heard herself say "I'll be ok" as she held her stomach. "Oh, ladies problems. I see" said the old lady, nodding knowingly. If only she did know, thought Leah.

The bus passed the local shops and the next stop was hers. Leah had never been quite so happy in all her life. In 10 minute's time, she'd be sitting at home with an empty bladder. She sat on the edge of the plastic seat and rang the bell. She opened her legs slightly and pushed her body down against the plastic, using it to discretely apply pressure to her privates. She didn't want anybody to see her holding herself - it wasn't ladylike!

Then, it happened. The bus turned the corner just as a car approached the other way and the driver swerved, briefly mounting the pavement, resulting in a heavy crash as the wheels dropped back to the roadway. The pressure on Leah's crotch disappeared and the shock of the near-crash caused her sphincter to leak a squirt of pee into her knickers. She regained control and somehow shuffled towards the exit door. She got off without a word of thanks to the driver , ignorant bastard. She thought that Matt, her selfish colleague, should apply for a job with them.

Leah still had five minutes walk to her house, and she was beyond desperate. She hadn't been to the toilet in over 8 hours and was absolutely bursting for a wee. Her bladder was screaming at her for relief. She started to walk as quickly as she could, whilst maintaining pressure on her crotch. An old couple on the other side of the road looked at her disapprovingly - she must have looked drunk, although all she'd had was three coffees, two fruit juices and a few pints of water. "All" she'd had.

She walked down the side street and got to the cross-roads, when she felt an involuntary contraction and another squirt of wee escaped into her knickers. She realised that her bladder must have reached its absolute physical capacity and was slowly leaking as more was added. She slipped her right hand down her trousers and jammed it on her crotch, her knickers already wet to touch. She walked across the road and onto the path which lead to her road. She took a step onto the path and felt another spasm. She realised that she had no other option, she had to relieve herself now, before her tortured overfull bladder emptied itself. She shuffled over the five meters to the tennis courts, which were surrounded by bushes and afforded a modicum of privacy. She would have looked an absolute sight - walking in a totally cross-legged way, with a hand down her trousers.

Leah considered herself ladylike and the idea of weeing outside was almost alien to her. In fact, the first and last time she'd done it was a year or so previously, at a party in some fields. She'd realised there were absolutely no toilets nearby and her friend Emily had kindly shown her how to squat in a bush. She wasn't the sort of girl to pop a squat in an alleyway anywhere. Sure, she had been desperate a few times on the way home from a night out, but never this bad.

She dropped her handbag and coat on the tarmac, then shuffled over a few feet. She unbuckled the fastening of her trousers - sod the bloody zip being awkward at the worst time! - and then lowered her knickers to her knees. She noticed a large patch of wetness where she had involuntarily let loose.

As she squatted she tried to move away from where she left her bag, to avoid it getting wet. She was holding in with all her might by this point. She looked down, holding as hard as she could, and noticed that a slow trickle was leaking out of her pained sphincter, dribbling down onto the tarmac. She stayed there, being amazed at how it was still leaking despite her holding quite so hard. She shuffled away another step, leaving a trail behind her. She decided this was it - time to relieve herself. She relaxed, but nothing happened. Her body, having been saying "hold it, hold it, hold it" for the last 6 hours had almost forgotten there was any other state!

And then the floodgates opened. There was a hissing sound as a fine stream started, followed by a heavy torrent which looked like a small firehose. Finally, after all these hours, her pained bladder was releasing. Leah looked down at the stream emerging from her and was amazed that she could hold so much. She sighed deeply from the relief. She was quite used to holding for a long time, but this really took the biscuit. Her petite form was squatting over a vastly-forming puddle. Her curly brown hair, which had many guys hooked from first setting eyes on her, rested over her arched back, just stopping above her bare bottom. Her deep blue eyes were wide with relief. And she continued to urinate profusely.

The gushing stream, complete with hiss, continued. She was worried the hissing from the escaping pee would be audible to anybody who might be passing at this time of night. The gushing stream died down and a steady flow replaced it. Her poor bladder, which had held on for 8 hours, was still very full and emptying slowly. She was astounded at the amount of time she'd been weeing for; her knees were getting stiff from squatting for so long! At the same time she was glad she'd made the decision to give up and squat when she did. If she'd have tried to stay the course and get home, she'd probably have ended up having an embarrassing accident - and a major one at that.

After a very long time the steady flow gave way to a series of ongoing squirts as her bladder finally emptied itself. It still ached intensely, from the extreme pressure which it had been under. Squirt after squirt continued as her bladder emptied the final remaining contents onto the floor, to add to the considerable puddle.

After a couple of minutes, Leah was sure she'd finished. She took a deep breath and took in the feeling of an empty bladder. She had been on the verge of a massive accident - in fact she'd started having one. She didn't have any tissues to wipe with, but when she inspected her knickers she realised there wasn't much of a problem. She gingerly pulled her knickers up, feeling an unpleasant coldness where the wet patch touched her privates. She pulled up her trousers - but didn't bother with the belt. She stepped carefully away from the puddle on the ground and looked in astonishment at how much she'd been holding in. She didn't believe she could keep so much in.

As Leah left the tennis courts she rejoined the main path, walking towards her home. She noticed how it was much easier to walk now her bladder was empty! She reached home, unlocked and went up to her room, removing her trousers and shirt. She stood in her bra and knickers assessing the damage - luckily her knickers had soaked up the leakage, her trousers weren't affected at all. Her knickers were wet underneath, with a wet patch rising up both front and back sides, the material clinging to her privates.

Although her bladder had been emptied she soon had a desperate urge to wee again. Being home alone there was no problem - but she felt herself leaking as she ran to the bathroom, and plonked hersef on the toilet to let another long stream loose. She figured her poor bladder had been holding on for so long, it was weak and in need of rest!

Leah stood in the bathroom in her bra and knickers, removing them and putting them in the wash before running a relaxing hot bath. As she did her mum rang again and Leah had to assure her that she was fine, she'd just been delayed. "Oh good" said her mother "I was worried there might have been some accident! You know how I worry". Leah smiled - her mum didn't know the accident that so nearly happened!

*006*2014-06-20 20:29

Thanks to the above posters. I really didn't think the writing was up to much or that people would enjoy it. I like a lot of detail but I know some people don't!

I do have a couple of ideas for other stories, which I hope to post in due course.

*008*2014-06-20 22:16

Well, perhaps there's an opportunity for something like that once Leah gets to university :)

*014*2014-06-25 22:15

Sorry but any implications of class bias are entirely unfounded. For your information I am a socialist who speaks with a pronounced accent!'

