My Mom is Such a `B----`! - Revised and Complete

Author: Peter Pants

*000*2017-01-03 06:08

Previously titled "My Mom's a B"

I started the story several years ago but alas, like many stories around here, it went incomplete.

I always wanted to finish it, but having followed several stories here to only find them never finished, I knew the frustration this causes

So I have COMPLETED the story. In the end it came to just over 52,000 words, the length of a small novel. I debated how to post it, a bit at a time or all at once. In the end I thought about how I like to read stories. Even if they are good reads I can only handle so much at once.

SO I am going to post it a bit at a time, every couple days. BUT if I find myself lagging behind or I miss posting for awhile (say more than a week) I'll go ahead and dump it all at once.

One note, even if you have read it before you might want to reread. Not only to refresh your memory but I made some changes. Don't worry nothing too drastic, Han still shoots first :)

I'll probably post the original content in larger chunks than when I get to the new part. I tried to pick good stopping places. So without further ado...

My Mom is Such a 'B----'!

Chapter 1: Trouble

“Hurry up, drive faster!”

“If we get pulled over it will only make things worse!”

Still I pushed down on the accelerator watching the needle ease towards 70.

“You don’t know what she can be like”

“You’ve told me, I’m sure you’ll be fine, it’s only thirty minutes”

“Thirty-five minutes…. And we’re not there yet”

“Here comes the turn, we’ll be there in just a minute”

“I am in so much trouble… she’s going to be really mad”

“I can go in an explain if you want. Say it was my fault.”

“No, it’s best if I go in by myself. I hope she’s in a good mood”

“We’re here. I’m sure it will be okay, I’ll see you tomorrow. “

“If I’m still alive… or at least allowed to leave the house…”

I watched as she walked towards her front door. The door opened and a woman stepped onto the porch. She didn’t seem too angry. They both stepped inside, the door closed and the porch light went out. Sighing I pulled off into the darkness. ‘It will be okay’ I told myself, at least I hoped….

My names Peter. I’m your average high school senior. Nothing special, just an average guy with average looks and average grades. I don’t play sports, I’m not the head of any teams or the leader of any cliques. And that was Jane, my best friend.

Yes, we are just friends, nothing more. Not to say we hadn’t gone on dates before, we tried that route and it didn’t work out. We had even fooled around a couple times. But still we were mostly just friends. Jane is like me. Not a popular girl, not a cheerleader, pretty much invisible to most of the other guys at our school. As for looks the nick name ‘Plain Jane’ would suit her well. Average height, skinny, a mess of tangled brown hair and a 32 A chest that is barely noticeable under the loose t-shirts she usually wears. And, yes I know her exact bra size. I told you we had fooled around. I had seen those cute little tits on a number of occasions. Jane was a bit of a free spirit and even when our Facebook status did not say ‘In a Relationship’ there had been more than a few ‘games’ that ended up with one or both of us naked. But like I said we are just friends…..

One thing that Jane did have in common with most of the other girls in our school was her relationship with her mother. Jane complained about her mother quite frequently. I know in private she loved her mother, though they have complicated relationship. But like most teenage girls she griped about her mother all the time. How unfair she is, how she still treats her like a child. The complaints were daily and sometimes monotonous. I was SURE they were exaggerated, just her blowing off steam.

But I always listened, tried to be a good friend. I never once voiced any doubt or had tried to defend her mom. I figured they could work things out on their own. After all Jane was eighteen now, summer would be here in a few months and then we would all be off to college. Certainly being away from home would change things.

That’s why I wasn’t TOO worried when I dropped her off at her front door thirty minutes.. or thirty-six minutes late. Sure there might be heated exchange. Jane would probably go to her room and slam the door.

Tomorrow I will hear all about it.

Chapter 2: The Confession

As I walked down the hall of my school the next morning I looked for Jane. I spied her by her locker and snuck up behind her.

“You’re still alive I see, how was your mom?”

Jane turned and looked at me, I could tell she had been crying but there was also an unmistakable fire in her eyes.

“My mom is such a ‘B’ ” she replied.

I laughed to myself, one of my favorite things about Jane was her inability to swear. It gave her a cute, almost innocent quality.

“So was she mad?” I asked, hoping this diatribe would not consume our ENTIRE day.

“Mad is an understatement, she was just CRAZY. I can’t believe her , I mean she’s just such a… a… B!”. Her rant continued as we made our way to our first class “I mean you have no idea, I know I complain about her A LOT but this time, this time, I mean, it was just, just..” She trailed off.

This was a bit unusual, Jane was usually not at a lack of words to describe her mother. “I am sure it’s all over now.” I said trying to calm her down.

“Peter, you don’t understand, she did something last night, something she hasn’t done for a long time. I can’t even say it.. it’s just so… so.. embarrassing”

Now this was intriguing. Jane and I told each other EVERYTHING. We were best friends. And if she didn’t want to or couldn’t bring herself to tell me what happened, then….

“It’s okay” I told her “We don’t have to talk about it if you don’t want to”.

“No, no I’ve GOT to tell someone, just promise me you want tell anyone else.”

“Of course not, who would I tell, you’re my only real friend”

Jane pulled me to the side of the hallway just outside the door to our first period class. “It’s just she was REALLY mad. We fought and then.. and then…” She leaned forward and whispered something barely audible in my ear. Just then the bell rang, obscuring her words.

“Did you just say…” I started.

“She spanked me.” Jane spoke again still in a barely audible whisper.

Chapter 3: It’s All In The Details

I could barely focus on the teacher at the front of the room. My thoughts dwelled on what Jane had said before we went into class. Her mom had spanked her? An eighteen year old girl? Was that even possible? Legal? Maybe all her complaints about her mom were true, maybe she really was crazy! But despite the outrage I knew I should feel for her. I had to admit that I was feeling something else entirely, AND THAT was the feeling that was keeping me from concentrating on the lesson.

The thought of Jane’s cute little bare butt on display, her mom’s hand repeatedly smacking against it. But of course that was nonsense. Certainly she wasn’t spanked bare. It was probably just a swat to her backside as she retreated to her room. But I couldn’t really go asking for details. That would be uncouth. Besides how do you exactly phrase that question.. “So Jane, did your mom pull down your panties before spanking your butt?” .

No, certainly those things only happened in stories on the internet. Still, imaging Jane flailing around over her mother’s knee did do something… Lost in my thoughts I glanced up at her, staring up at her butt as if I might see some evidence of last night’s transgressions. Just then Jane bent over to get a pencil from her bag and I caught a quick flash of something . Not evidence of a spanking but something that took me COMPLETELY by surprise. Surely that wasn’t what I thought it was? No, it must have just been my imagination… Still Jane does have a nice butt… Even if she is just a friend.

I turns out that I didn’t need to ask for details. When we got to lunch Jane motioned me over to a table in the corner by ourselves.

“Can you believe my mother did that?” She asked, outraged “I told you she wasn’t right. We’ve fought before but this time she went too far. Honestly I can’t wait for the next six months to pass so I can go to college. I mean she hasn’t done… that… since I was thirteen!”

.

“What did you do to get in trouble?” I asked.

“Uh? I was late?! You were there remember??” she said giving me a look.

“No, what did you do when you were thirteen” I was trying to change the subject, or get more details, I don’t know which.

“Oh what didn’t I do when I was thirteen? I lied, I talked back I was the typical bratty kid. And every time it was the same thing ‘take off those pants and get over my knee young lady!’ but I deserved it… and then I turned fourteen and she started grounding me instead.”

Wow! That was more detail than I thought I was going to get…. Could I push this without seeming too interested? “But she didn’t….” I started, trying to sound casual.

“Didn’t what?” Jane responded.

“She didn’t… you know… surely now at your age she wouldn’t make you… take… off…”

“My pants?” Jane finished “Oh yeah she did. She told me I had a choice I could pack my bags and leave, get out of her house and live on my own. But I don’t have any money.. Where would I go? You still live at home.. I couldn’t leave. So she said my other choice was a.. a… “, her voice dropped “…a spanking.... she made me pull down my pants and panties and lay on her lap and she.. she.. spanked me. I don’t even know how many times, I didn’t think it was going to ever end. And then I….” She stopped.

“Then you what?” I asked hoping I didn’t sound too enthusiastic.

“Ummm… Then I went to my room, honestly she is such a B!”

Was that it? I was sure she was going to say something else. Still, I was astounded by what she had told me, and more than a little umm.. excited… to say the least. After such a confession I felt it was probably best just to leave things alone for a while. I wanted to appear, no I wanted to be, a concerned friend not some kind of voyeur looking for a fantasy story.

“I’m sorry you had to go through all that, I feel like it was my fault you got in trouble.” I said trying to come up with a response.

“No, it was my fault we were late too. I’m not mad at you, I just can’t believe my mom.. she’s such a…”

“I know a ‘B’” I finished for her.

Jane smiled, “Thanks for listening, your such a good friend, I hope I didn’t ruin lunch with my ranting.”

“No you’re fine” I replied, thinking ‘you have NO idea’! We hugged and then as Jane stooped down to pick up her bag I caught a glimpse of something again. Something that just didn’t seem quite right… at least not on an eighteen year old girl.

Chapter Four: Jane’s Secret

The rest of the day I really could not focus on the lessons at all. Jane and I had different schedules after lunch so I wouldn’t see her again until school let out. Still I couldn’t take my mind off of her and the story she had told me. When I came to school that day I never thought I would be hearing what amounted to a story from one of those internet fantasy sites being told by my best friend. Then there was the other matter. What I thought I saw in our first period class and then again at the end of lunch. Something sticking up from the waistband of Jane’s pants. Certainly it wasn’t … No way, it was probably just her panties all bunched up or something. But those didn’t look like any panties I had ever seen… No, it was probably just my imagination.

My ‘imagination’ kept me busy the rest of the day. The final bell shook me from my latest fantasy, the one where I got to watch as Jane’s mom spanked her with an oversized paddle. I gathered my things and walked out into the hall. I found Jane waiting by the water fountain in the same place she waited every day. Each morning she rode the bus to school and each afternoon I (fortunate enough to have my own car) gave her a ride home.

“Hi!” I said brightly “How was your day?”.

“Better”, she responded .

Feeling it was best to NOT be the first one to bring up our earlier conversation I searched for another subject.

“You want to get some coffee?”, I asked.

“Sounds great, just don’t get me home late!” Jane said with a hint of amusement.

That was the only reference to our earlier conversation she made. I felt it was better to just leave it alone so I let the conversation wander the usual course of movies, music and school gossip.

It wasn’t until we left the coffee shop and headed towards Jane’s house that the conversation took leave of this normalcy. After one unusually long lull in the conversation I looked at Jane in the passenger seat beside me.

“Is everything okay?” I asked with a note of concern.

“It’s just, my mom will be home from work in a couple hours and I haven’t spoken to her since… well you know…”

“Well I’m sure she’s over it” I tried to reassure her “It’s all said and done with and I’m sure it will be forgotten soon enough.”

“It’s not, though” she replied.

“Not what?” I asked curiously.

“Over,” Jane replied “It’s not over. I didn’t tell you the whole story.”

“Do you want to?” I asked cautiously, hardly believing there could be MORE to this story.

“You HAVE to promise not to tell ANYONE!” Jane said emphatically.

“I already told you I wouldn’t, didn’t I? We’re best friends who else would I tell, the only person I tell secrets to IS you!” I reassured her.

“It’s just so embarrassing! Really you got to promise, no one!”

“I promise” I replied. Really what could be more embarrassing, she already told me all about her spanking.

“Well, when we were rushing to get home last night I REALLY had to use the bathroom. But I didn’t ask you to stop because we were already late.”

“Okay” I replied wondering if this was going where I thought it was.

“Well you know how it is with my bladder”.

“I know”. Another one of Jane’s ‘quirks’ was her notoriously weak bladder. She had had many small ‘leaks’ as she called them on almost daily and on quite a few occasions had completely soaked herself in my presence. If she laughed too hard or waited too long it was bound to happen. One secret I never shared with Jane was these accidents only increased my attraction to her. After all we were ‘just friends’.

“So anyway,” Jane continued, “I really had to go when I got to the house. But mom started in as soon as the door shut and then before I knew it I was over her knee and then I…” she stopped again. I could put together what happened from there.

“Oh no… you didn’t..” I said feigning shock.

“I did” Jane said meekly “I peed right there on her lap. She made me stand up and I couldn’t stop! I peed all over the kitchen floor! It was the most embarrassing thing I have ever done!” Jane’s face reddened as she told me this.

“So what did your mom do?” I asked, though I already thought I knew.

Jane hesitated, then continued, “She made me wear this..” With that Jane lifted her shirt and pulled down waistband of her jeans just enough for me to confirm my earlier suspicion.

Again I tried to feign ignorance. “What’s that?”

“Well, for all intents and purposes it’s a diaper!” Jane said so matter of factly it even took me by surprise. “They’re called ‘Goodnites’ I used to wear them when I wet the bed” (Jane had previously confided in me that she was a bed wetter until our first year of high school.)

“Apparently my Mom still had a pack of them” Jane explained “After my accident, well she was already mad, that just sent her over the top! She got these out and said I had to wear them for a week. If I don’t have any more accidents then my I get my underwear back.”

“I’m sorry” I said, genuinely concerned and excited at the same time.

“I’ll just have to be careful, I should be able to make it a week, I hope…”

“I’m sure you will” I reassured her.

“You’re sweet” Jane replied as we pulled up in front of her house “You want to come in?”

“Your mom won’t be happy if she catches us there alone” I reminded her.

“It will be fine, she won’t be home for hours.”

I parked the car, this could be interesting...

Chapter 5: Jane’s House

I followed Jane into her house barely believing all I had just heard and witnessed. Surely I must be asleep, dreaming! Well, if I was I might have a whole different kind of ‘accident’ to clean up in the morning. No, this couldn’t be a dream it was all too real. So this had really happened, a girl I knew, a girl that I found extremely attractive (despite the fact that we were ‘just fiends’) had been spanked and diapered less than twenty-four hours ago? In the very house we were about to enter? This WAS exactly like a story from the internet!

“Go have a seat in the living room” Jane told me “I have to go to the bathroom, I’ll be right there”.

“No problem”

As I walked towards the living room, I passed the kitchen. Pushing the door open slightly I glanced in. A shiver passed through my body, the type of feeling one might get from visiting an ACTUAL haunted house. So this is where it all happened, I could almost hear the sounds of a spanking piercing the air, flesh on flesh. And then the splattering of Jane’s warm pee on the floor. I looked down, but of course the evidence had been cleaned up long ago.

“What are you doing?”

I jumped, shaken from my fantasy. Jane was standing there by my side.

“Oh, just thinking about getting a snack.” I said quickly.

“You’re still hungry? You just ate at the coffee shop. Honestly Peter sometimes I wonder where you put it all!”

“Come on in, I’ll find something” Jane said as I followed her into the kitchen.

After deciding on popcorn and soda we retreated to the living room and Jane started flipping through channels. She stopped on some ubiquitous sitcom about a group of high school students and their daily antics.

As the ‘nerd’ of the group tried (unsuccessfully) for the umpteenth time to score a date with the trendy socialite, Jane sighed. “I bet none of their moms ever spank them”.

“Now that would make for quite the after school special” I joked.

Jane laughed and curled up on the couch beside me.

As she did her shirt rode up and the waistband of her Goodnite was clearly on display.

“Umm, Jane… your, umm..” I pointed.

Jane blushed and pulled her shirt down.

“Thanks” she said.

That was the fourth time that day I had seen the top of Jane’s Goodnite and even though I knew it was wrong I really wanted to see the rest of it. But of course that probably wasn’t going to happen. Or was it?

I turned away from the television and looked at Jane.

“I’ve seen this show like a THOUSAND times.” I said jokingly “You want to play a game?”

“What kind of game?” Jane asked

“You know...”

“THAT kind of game?” Jane exclaimed, her eyes widening “NO WAY! Did you forget what I’m wearing?”

“I’ve seen you in a lot less.” I ventured “Besides, who knows it might not even get that far. YOU can pick the game and knowing you, you’ll pick a game I’m not very good at and I’ll be the one showing everything off while you’re still fully clothed”

I should stop here and tell you about our so called ‘games’. I told you earlier that Jane was somewhat of a free spirit. Well exhibitionist would be a better word. Normally she would care less about being naked in front of me and seemed to downright enjoy getting me naked too (yet we are still ‘just friends’). A while back we had discovered that we could take any ordinary game and make it more interesting by taking our clothes off. You’ve heard of strip poker? Well we’ve played strip chess, strip checkers and even strip Candy Land. There wasn’t a board game in existence we hadn’t defiled. However, today Jane didn’t seem as eager to play as she normally did.

“Look,” Jane countered “Even if I do pick the game the chances are you’ll get to see me in ‘this’.”

Jane indicated toward the unspoken garment beneath her pants.

“Look, I don’t care what you have on” I persisted. “Besides you won’t be wearing anything when I’m finished with you”

“Oh really” Jane’s competitive streak was kicking in, “We’ll see about that!”

She retreated to the other room to retrieve a game. I couldn’t believe my luck! There was chance that I was going to see more of her diaper after all!

Jane returned to the room carrying the game ‘Battleship’

Crap! She always kicked my butt at that game. Still I would have to give it my best.

“Tell you what” Jane teased “Just take off your clothes and give them to me now and I’ll save you the humiliation”

“That’s okay”, I countered “Get out the game, I have a feeling that today is my lucky day!”

Chapter 6: The Game

It wasn’t my lucky day.

Thirty minutes later and I was sitting there in my boxers with only my submarine left on the board.

Jane on the other hand had only lost two of her ships and given up her socks. Still if I could sink one more ship before she beat me she would either have to give up her shirt or her pants. I might still get somewhat of a show.

I made my move… “B6”

“Miss” Jane replied smiling

“A7” she countered

“Miss”

“E7” I tried.

“Hit” Jane looked suddenly less sure of herself

“G8” Jane ventured

Shoot! She had found my sub, two more hits and I was done and I had NO IDEA what size ship I had hit found on her board. For all I know it’s her battleship, this was not going to end well.

“Hit” I responded placing the red pin into my sub.

Oh well, might as well go out fighting.

“E8” I said hopefully

“Hit” Jane’s said looking slightly concerned

“H8”

“Hit” I responded. This was it, one more hit and it was all over.

“E9” I said, resigned to my soon to be naked fate.

“Hit” Jane paused then continued “…and you just sank my cruiser”

Jane reached for the bottom of her shirt and started to pull it over her head.

“Wait!” I exclaimed, stopping her. An idea suddenly came to my mind.

“What, it’s not like you haven’t seen me in my bra before” Jane said allowing her shirt to drop back down.

“I know” I replied “It’s just, this game is obviously over and I’m about to lose. You’re most likely going to have me naked at your next turn, how about a bet?”

I knew Jane couldn’t resist a bet

“What did you have in mind?” She asked.

“Give me one more move before you finish me off”, I explained. “If I don’t hit any of your ships you won’t have to take anything else off. I’ll even give you your socks back!”

“But” I continued “If I make hit on ANY of your remaining ships I get to choose what you take off next.”

“You get just one try?” Jane said thinking it over “Fine, one try, make your move”

I thought carefully. This was it. All or nothing.

“A9” I said keeping my fingers crossed.

Jane’s face was blank. Had this been poker she could have had the perfect bluff.

“Hit” she finally responded, “So what’s it going to be?”

I thought it over. If I told her to take off her pants would she know I wanted to see her in her Goodnite? But I had already stopped her from taking her shirt off so what would the point be?

“Your pants” I said trying to seem nonchalant.

“Peter, please not my pants. Not today.” Jane pleaded “Look I’ll take my shirt and bra off if I can just keep on my pants”

‘She must be desperate’ I thought. I briefly considered giving in, at least I would get to see those cute little breasts. But no, I had come this far…

“A bet’s, a bet” I reminded her. “Take off your pants”

Jane didn’t say a word. She just stood up and unbuttoned her pants and then after a moment of hesitation pulled them down and kicked them off her feet.

Jane was blushing furiously as she stood before me in just her t-shirt and a pink Goodnite with butterflies on the front.

She quickly sat back down cross legged and leaned forward trying to hide her embarrassing state as much as possible.

“I8” she said, quickly taking her turn.

“Hit” I replied and without hesitation stood up and removed my boxers “You sank my submarine”

Jane eyed me from head to toe, stopping midway she noticed my current ‘condition’.

She quipped “It looks like I didn’t quite sink your submarine after all”

With that her embarrassment was quickly forgotten as she broke into laughter. I laughed back, both at her joke and in relief that she wasn’t mad.

It was one of those times when a joke seems funnier than it really is.

I laughed.

Jane laughed harder.

I laughed some more.

Jane kept on laughing.

Soon we were both in fits on the floor with tears in our eyes.

“How about a movie” Jane said between bouts of laughter “We could watch ‘Hunt for Red October’”

With that the laughter resumed.

“Crap... Crap! Crap! Crap!” Jane suddenly exclaimed and leapt up and ran out of the room.

I followed her and found she had run into the hallway bathroom.

“Are you okay?” I asked through the door.

“Not really” Jane’s tone had changed, she was no longer laughing.

The door cracked and then slowly opened.

“What am I going to do now?” Jane’s voice trembled.

I looked down. There Jane stood still in just a t-shirt and Goodnite.

Which was now completely soaked.

Chapter 7: The Solution

I just stood there staring.

“What am I going to do?” Jane repeated “It hasn’t even been twenty-four hours and look at me!”

She gestured towards the sodden diaper.

That was the problem. I WAS looking at her and seemingly struck speechless.

“Peter!”

I snapped out of it.

“Sorry, I was just umm… I was just trying to think of a solution” I said fumbling for words.

Never, never had I thought I would see best friend in a diaper today and certainly not a WET diaper!

“I know” I suggested, gathering my thoughts “Just change. Put on a dry one, we’ll throw the wet one out. She’ll never know!”

“That won’t work.” Jane sighed “Mom already warned me that she knew EXACTLY how many Goodnites were in the pack to start with. I’m supposed to take this one off and give it to her before I go to bed tonight and then she’ll give me a new one. And I have to do the same thing in the morning. That way she will know if I have wet any of them.”

“I see, well that is a problem” I replied.

“I just don’t know what to do. She’s going to be furious with me. I mean I haven’t even made it a whole day!”

Jane suddenly seemed to realize she had been standing in front of me this whole time in just a t-shirt and a wet Goodnite. Her face turned crimson and she grabbed a towel and wrapped it around herself.

With a sigh of defeat she said, “Look I’m just going to have to bite the bullet on this one. I’m just going to change and tell my mom the truth. With any luck I’ll still get out of these things before graduation.”

“Can you go up to my room and get me a dry one?” Jane asked.

“Sure, hold on.” I told her.

I made my way up to Jane’s room, a place I had only been one time before. Jane was not supposed to have friends over when her mom was not home, especially not boys. She was MOST DEFINITELY not supposed to have them in her room. For that reason we usually kept our visits to the living room and kitchen.

I opened the door to Jane’s room and looked around. It was very tidy. I knew her mom insisted she keep it this way (it was one Jane’s favorite thing’s to complain about). I spotted the pack of Goodnites underneath the nightstand beside Jane’s bed. I walked over and knelt down on the floor to pull one out. As I stood back up I placed one hand on the bed. That’s when I heard, and felt, a crinkle. Now, I’ve told you all about Jane’s past ‘issues’, but what I haven’t told you was that I have had my own. I too was a bedwetter as a child and actually had a few night time accidents well up into my teen years. So I KNEW what that sound was. Jane had a plastic sheet on her bed! Was it because of her recent accident? Or was it just a leftover from her bedwetting days? It could just be for allergies I reasoned (that was the excuse I had once used when a friend discovered my plastic sheet). At any rate I couldn’t ask Jane about it, not now at least. I took the Goodnite and went back downstairs.

Suddenly, I had an idea.

Jane had shut the bathroom door so I knocked and she opened it just a crack. I passed the Goodnite through to her and talked to her through the crack.

“I might have a way for you to get out of this.” I told her.

“What is it?” Jane left the door cracked as she talked to me.

I took all my strength to not try to peek through the crack and spy on her changing.

“What if…” I started “What if I go to the store and buy a pack of Goodnites? Then we could replace this one with one from the new pack.”

“That could work” Jane sounded relieved “And I’ll have more in case this happens again. But you don’t have to pay for them, let me get you some money.”

“No, it’s fine” I insisted “I’ll get them”

“You are so sweet” Jane said as she stepped out of the bathroom in the new, dry Goodnite.

“I just have to figure out what to do with this one.” She had pulled the bag from the bathroom waste can. From the weight of it the wet diaper was clearly inside.

“Give it to me, I’ll take care of it” I told her.

“I owe you one Peter. I know I’ve said this like a thousand times today but you really are a good friend!”

With that she handed me the bag and kissed me on the cheek.

But once again, we’re just friends.

Chapter 8: Delivery!

I tossed the bag into the dumpster in a nearby parking lot. I resisted the urge to hold onto it, figuring it would smell up the car pretty fast. Though, I do have to admit to opening the bag and admiring the sodden contents one more time.

As I walked into the store I had a moment of trepidation. I knew I shouldn’t be embarrassed by what I was about to do. Certainly no one would assume a pack of girl’s Goodnites was for me. But still, much like a young husband sent to buy feminine hygiene products for the first time, I felt slightly awkward.

I scoped out the store hoping to not see anyone I knew. Once I was satisfied I wasn’t going to bump into a friend, or worse my mom (imagine explaining that one!), I made my way to the diaper aisle. Searching among the packs of pull ups and baby diapers I found the Goodnites. I picked up a pack of Girls L-XL and headed for the check out. I paid for my purchase and made it out of the store without incident. I put the bag in my back seat and headed back to Jane’s house.

Then, as I turned onto the street to Jane’s house, disaster struck! Her mom’s car was parked in the driveway. She was home from work! I pulled down the street to the cul-de-sac and parked my car.

Pulling out my phone I texted Jane.

‘Does your mom know?’

It took just a minute for her to reply.

‘No! But what are we going to do now?’

I thought about simply sticking the Goodnites in my backpack and knocking on the door, pretending I was there to study.

But Jane’s mother didn’t like unexpected visitors and I had never come over to study unannounced before.

Looking up the street I had an idea.

‘Has your mom checked the mail?’ I texted

‘Yes’ came the reply

I retrieved the package of from the back seat, opened it and pulled out a single Goodnite.

Starting the car I approached Jane’s house. Praying her mom wasn’t looking out the window, I opened the mailbox and shoved the pull-up inside.

‘Check the mail’ I texted Jane once I had reached the end of the street

It wasn’t until I got home later that night that Jane texted her reply.

‘I got it and put it in the pack with the others. Thank you! I think I’m safe now. See you in the AM’

I laid down and drifted off to sleep, my head flooded with the events of the previous day.

*004*2017-01-06 03:46

Chapter 9: The Late Night Call

I was jolted awake by the sound of my phone ringing.

“Umm.. ‘ello?” I said half awake, who could be calling this late?

“Peter you’ve got to get over here”

It was Jane and she sounded frantic.

“Right now?” blurry eyed, I glanced at my clock. It was 2:05.

“I know it’s late, please Peter, mom found out…. I don’t know how… but she’s gone too far this time… I’m running away..” Jane sounded absolutely desperate.

“Are you sure?” I asked, now fully awake.

“Peter if you don’t come get me I’m afraid of what she might do… Or what I might do….”

This sounded bad.

“Don’t do anything, I’ll be right there” I told her as I pulled on some clothes.

I quietly crept down the stairs and out to my car, my parents aren’t anywhere near as bad as Jane’s mom, but they still wouldn’t be pleased with me going out at this hour.

The drive to Jane’s house seemed a lot quicker than normal. It seemed as if mere seconds passed as I pulled onto her darkened street. I cut my headlights off and parked across from her house.

I pulled out my phone to let Jane know I was here, but what I saw next caused me to drop it in surprise.

Jane was running across the lawn towards my car wearing nothing but a diaper!

I opened the door and she jumped in.

“She took all my clothes… “Jane managed between sobbing gasps “…Locked them up…. She knew …I don’t know how. …she knew ….she knew”

Suddenly the front porch light came on.

“Go! Go!” Jane screamed.

I floored the gas. Then the unbelievable happened, the engine died.

“Peter, please!!” Jane pleaded.

I turned the key. The engine roared to life and promptly died again.

“Peter!”

Jane was looking towards her house. I looked too and saw her mom bolting across the yard.

“PETER GO!!!!” Jane howled.

I desperately turned the key.

The engine made only a feeble sound.

Jane’s mom reached the car and pounded on the window.

“Get in the house right now young lady!” She yelled.

“Mom, please no….” Jane sobbed “I… I… I.. I’m sorrrry!”

“Oh you’ll be sorry all right! And you will be too Peter if you try to leave here. I’ll call the police and tell them you kidnapped my daughter. Just what do you think will happen when they pull you over and she’s dressed like that….”

I could tell she meant business. My car seemed to be conspiring with her too, it wasn’t going anywhere at the time. I thought about making a run for it, I certainly could outrun a middle aged woman who wasn’t in the best shape to begin with.

But then I realized that would mean leaving Jane alone with her. She certainly couldn’t run in her current state, I noticed she didn’t even have on any shoes.

I opened my door. Jane looked betrayed.

“Come on.” I said gently “If I come in she wouldn’t dare do anything too bad”

Jane got out and I took her hand and we walked across the yard together.

I hoped Jane didn’t notice the lights in the surrounding houses that had come on and the eyes peering from behind multiple curtains.

Chapter 10: Return to Jane’s House

I walked into the living room and sat in the same spot I had just earlier that day. I had been secretly pleased to see Jane in her diaper then, but now… I felt horrible, this was just too much.

Jane walked in and sat on the couch, grabbing a throw pillow she tried to cover herself.

Her mom entered next and without a word walked past Jane, grabbed the throw pillow, and tossed it into the corner of the room.

“Mom!” Jane shrieked, bending in half to cover her once again naked state.

“Sit up straight Jane” her mom ordered “Babies don’t care about being naked!”

Jane sat up, leaving her tiny breasts and diapered bottom on display.

“Mom I’m not…” Jane started.

“A baby?” her mom finished “Well what do you call someone who wets their pants and diapers? And then LIES about it to their mother?!?

What would you call that Peter?”

She suddenly turned to me.

Did she expect me to answer?

“I… uh.. I don’t know?” I stammered.

“Well, I know… I call that person a BABY!” she spat out the words.

Jane meanwhile sat on the couch, naked and crying.

“Do you know what this baby did?” Jane’s mom said still talking to me “The BABY peed her diaper and then tried to HIDE it from me!”

“But I guess you know that don’t you…” she continued “The way I figure it Jane couldn’t have done this on her own… She doesn’t have a car… So someone would have had to get the extra diaper for her.. And since you are her only friend to speak of…”

She left the statement unfinished. I had no idea what to say, fortunately Jane’s mom didn’t seem to expect an answer.

She turned back to Jane “Get over here now!”

“Mom not now, not in front of Peter” Jane pleaded

“I promise you this… If you ever want to see Peter again you will get over here now!”

Jane stood up and slowly walked towards her mother.

I held my breath unwilling to believe what was about to happen.

With one fell motion Jane’s mom grabbed her, pulled her over her knee and yanked off her diaper.

“Wetting yourself? Lying?? Running away??” Jane’s mom exclaimed “I guess I really do have a baby here instead of the young lady I thought I had.” With that her hand flashed into the air and she started furiously spanking Jane’s bare bottom.

Every fantasy I had ever had was coming true before my eyes, but instead of being elated I felt sick to my stomach. Jane’s mom stopped and stood Jane up. Jane quickly retrieved the Goodnite, her sole piece of dignity, from the floor and put it on.

“So Peter,” Jane’s mom turned her attention back to me “I assume I am right about you helping my daughter lie to me?”

I didn’t know what else to say.

“Yes mam” I said quietly.

“So you get my daughter home late one night and then help her lie to me the very next day?”

At that moment, I tried stupidly to take the fall.

“Please mam, it was my fault… the lie I mean… I was getting Jane a dry Goodnite from the pack in her room and..”

Jane’s eyes went wide. I realized my mistake.

“So you were at the house with her alone? What else did you do that I don’t know about? Is she pregnant?”

“What?? No, no mam. We’re just friends” I tried to explain.

“Still, you were here unsupervised with my young daughter. How do I know you didn’t force yourself on her?”

“Mom, he didn’t..” Jane tried to interject.

“Be quiet child, unless you want another spanking…. with the paddle!” her mom snapped.

Jane shrank back on to the couch in silence.

“So as I said Peter, you have spent I don’t know how many days alone here with my daughter. Who knows what you could have been doing to her! I doubt you know this but I have quite a few friends in the police department, all it would take would be a call. Who knows what I might tell them… Maybe that I came home and found you forcing yourself on her… that she won’t say anything because you threatened her. Like I said I have friends…”

I sat there staring in shock and disbelief, words failed to come. Was she serious? Certainly the charges would never stick. But they could make my life very inconvenient for a while. And innocent people have gone to jail before…

“Where are they?” her mom asked.

“Where are what?” I hesitated, not wanting to know the answer.

“The rest of the diapers you bought for Jane? I assume you bought a whole pack? Where are they?” she repeated.

“In my car” I answered

“Go get them please”

I walked slowly to my car, again considering making a run for it. But Jane’s mom’s threats seemed real to me. After everything I had witnessed I was sure she had no problem following through. I retrieved the open package from my car and went back into the house.

“Put one on” Jane’s mom said simply as I walked back into the room.

“What? No!” I exclaimed

“Look Jane has her own pack up in her room.” she explained “The way I see it you paid for these so they must be yours. So put one on. ”

She’s not kidding, I thought. Hardly believing what I was about to do I pulled a Goodnite out of the package and headed towards the hall bathroom.

“No, put it on here” Jane’s mom commanded.

“Here? I can’t… You can’t…” Now I was the one stammering.

“I can, unless you want me to make that call.”

Still in complete disbelief I undid my pants and pulled them down, followed by my boxers. I stepped into the diaper and pulled it on. It was way too small for me and stretched uncomfortably around my groin.

“Shirt off too!” her mom stated flatly.

I pulled my shirt over my head. Now I too was left standing in just a diaper. I dared not look at Jane, sure she had seen me naked just a few hours ago, but this was different.

“Now, look, I have two babies” her mom mocked. “Except one of my naughty babies hasn’t been punished yet!”

I heard Jane gasp. Surely she didn’t mean….

“Come over here Peter..”

As if they were moving under their own power I felt my legs carrying me towards where she sat.

Before I knew what was happening she had grabbed me and pulled me over her lap. She allowed me to leave the diaper on at least, though I wasn’t sure why.

‘Whack!’

Her hand came down. I braced myself for the sting but it didn’t really hurt. In fact I didn’t feel a thing!

‘Whack!’ came another blow.

Perhaps it’s the padding? No, I didn’t feel anything at all! This was very strange!

‘Whack’

This woman must be really weak! But something didn’t seem right. She had spanked Jane hard enough to make her pee herself! Surely I should feel something…

Then as that very thought crossed my mind I did feel something. Not another blow, but a warmness spreading through the front of my diaper. I was wetting myself! But how?

Everything went dark…

I was confused…

I wasn’t over Jane’s mom’s lap anymore…

In fact I didn’t see Jane anywhere around...

I wasn’t even at her house…

It was mine…

I was in my room…

A dream… It was all a dream…

I had never received a desperate call from Jane…

Or rushed to her house…

Or been spanked by her mom…

But one thing remained..

That warm feeling was still there…

I knew it all too well…

For the first time in years… I had wet my bed!

Chapter 11: Peter’s Predicament

I had wet the bed!

I sat up in shock and pulled the covers back.

My boxers were soaked, the bed was soaked.

The mattress… oh the mattress…

It had absolutely no protection, I had no reason, I hadn’t done this in what? Four years? At least?

Well, I better deal with it I thought to myself it’s not like I can expect my mom to do it at my age.

I made my way into the bathroom and turned the water on as hot as it would go.

As steam started to fill the room I dropped my soaked boxers on the floor and stepped into the shower.

Letting the water cascade over me, I thought about my predicament.

Why had I wet my bed? After all these years?

Certainly it had something to with that dream….

My thoughts drifted to the dream, Jane in diapers running across the yard, then over her mother’s knee..

Then ME over her mother’s knee!

It was quite the dream I reasoned, even I hadn’t wet the bed there was no doubt I would still been changing at least my boxers.

I shut the water off and stepped out wrapping a towel around my waist. I gathered my wet boxers from the floor and then picked up a couple extra towels and a can of air freshener before going out the door.

Once I was back in my room and dressed I felt much better. The shower had left me feeling refreshed, but I was afraid my mattress had not faired quite so well.

Cleaning up had never been a problem before. When I was wetting frequently I always wore some kind of ‘protection’ and I also had a plastic sheet on my bed. If I leaked, or went to bed without my Goodnite on, mom would just come in and strip the sheets and put them in the laundry.

I pulled the sheets off my bed and then took the towels and tried to dry the mattress. I scrubbed and patted and blotted to no avail. Having no idea what else to do I took the air freshener and sprayed the entire contents of the can onto the mattress, then flipped it over. With any luck no one would turn that mattress again for many many years, hopefully long after I had moved out of the house.

Taking my wet sheets down to the laundry I was grateful not to run into my parents or my younger sister. It wasn’t until I returned to my room later to gather my things for school that I noticed my cell phone was flashing.

It was a text message from Jane…

‘OMG Peter! She knows!!!’

The time stamp on the message was 2:05 AM.

The line between dreams and reality suddenly became blurred.
