My Mom is Such a `B----`! - Revised and Complete

Author: Peter Pants

*015*2017-01-21 04:54

Chapter 28: Friday Night

My heart fell into my stomach. I looked at the clock, 5:10, Jane’s mom had been home for ten minutes now. I was SO screwed!

I grabbed my phone and quickly dialed Jane’s number.

“Hello?” Jane answered right away. I couldn’t tell from her voice if she had been crying, but it sounded like she might have.

“Hey it’s me” I started, “I umm.. left my…”

“Yeah, I know!” Jane interrupted me, “Mom found it too! She knew right away it wasn’t mine. I had to tell her Peter…. everything…”

“Everything?” I said weakly, “You mean she knows it’s mine?”

“She knows about you, the diapers everything! She is pissed, I am in so much trouble, I mean we are in so much trouble, she’s calling your mom you know.”

‘Crap!’ I thought to myself. My parents were not nearly as bad as Jane’s mom but this still wasn’t going to go well.

I put that out of my mond, I could deal with my parents later, I was more worried about Jane.

“How bad is it?” I asked timidly.

“BAD” Jane said “Real bad! She spanked me once already, now I am in my room waiting for her to get the paddle. THE PADDLE, Peter I haven’t gotten the paddle in YEARS!”

I wondered if there was any chance I was going to get the paddle. Probably not, I’ll just be grounded forever.

“That’s not the worst of it Peter” Jane continued, “I can’t see you anymore.”

“She can’t stop us from senig each other completely!” I asked, “I mean, I’ll see you at school on Monday.”

“No you won’t” Jane explained, “Mom is sending me to a boarding school to finish out my senior year. She was SO mad when she found out we were here alone. She even asked me if I was pregnant!”

“You’re going away?” I asked, shocked.

“Tomorrow” Jane said flatly.

Wow! I was shocked beyond belief. Jane and I might never see each other again, this was horrible!

Jane, however, seemed to be taking this all rather calmly. Actually she seemed a little too calm…

“Jane, are you…” I started to ask.

“Yeah,” Jane continued rather casually, “Apparently this is a boarding school specifically for bed-wetters and trouble makers. Mom says all I all I will be allowed to wear is a diaper. Can you imagine a bunch of girls my age walking around in just diapers?”

I could imagine it all right, but I was pretty sure the place didn’t exist outside of some internet story forums!

“So I take it your mom didn’t really find the diaper?” I asked, relieved.

“No Peter, I found it first and got rid of it before she got home.” Jane said wryly, “You really need to be more careful where you leave your things.”

“I know, I’m sorry.” I said hoping Jane wasn’t too annoyed with me.

“It’s fine Peter, just be more careful okay?” Jane replied, not sounding too irritated.

“Okay, I will, talk to you later okay?” I said “Oh, and Jane…“

“Yes Peter?”

“That was really mean”

“I know Peter. I love you.”

“I love you too.”

I hung up the phone, my head still spinning. I was so relieved; Jane wasn’t moving away, I wasn’t going to be grounded into eternity. And Jane had said she loved me. Life was good.

After hanging up the phone I realized I had a decision to make. I was still wearing the soaking wet Goodnite and it was getting very uncomfortable. Obviously I needed to change, but into what? Did I stick with my commitment to Jane and put on another diaper? Or did just put on regular underwear while I was at home? Did I just have to wear them when I was with Jane? That’s when it counted right?

Finally, partially out of a feeling of commitment (and partially because I was enjoying it) I decided to put on another diaper.

After all, Jane didn’t have a choice, I told myself.

I retrieved another brief from the pack of diapers I had stashed under my bed. Spreading it out on the bed I quickly taped it on. The process was becoming much easier.

After getting dressed I opted to stay in my room and play on the computer. No one would find it strange for me to be there and I really wanted to minimize the time I spent in front of my parents in a diaper.

Finally mom called me down to dinner. After checking that everything was well covered up I headed downstairs and quickly took my seat at the table. I glanced around nervously; certain everyone could tell what I was wearing under my jeans. My parents and sister, however didn’t seem to notice anything unusual.

“So Sammie,” Mom addressed my sister “How as your day?”

“Mom!” Samantha griped “You know I hate being called Sammie. I’m not a baby anymore!”

“I know sweetie, but you’ll always be my baby!” Mom replied

Sam just rolled her eyes.

“Fine then,” Mom turned her attention to me “How was your day Peter? Do anything fun?”

“I just hung out with some friends after school” I said vaguely, “You know, nothing much really”

“Well aren’t you two just a bundle of conversation tonight!” Mom commented, “Anyway, Peter I wanted to ask you something. We are going to your Aunt Margaret’s for the weekend. We’re leaving first thing in the morning.”

Great! I thought to myself. There goes my chances of seeing Jane any this weekend.

“So I was thinking” Mom continued, “You really are old enough, I mean you’re going off to college soon, if you want to stay home you can.”

This was great! I’d have the house to myself for a whole weekend!

“Ummm… geee…” I pretended to mull it over, “I guess I could stay here…”

“I thought you’d say that” Mom smiled, “Just no wild parties!”

“Oh you know me, I’m just a party animal!” I joked.

“Okay, wild man. Just behave yourself” Dad teased back.

“What about me?” Sam pleaded.

‘Please say no!’ I thought to myself. Sharing the house with my sister would NOT be nearly as fun.

“Sorry sweetie” Mom said apologetically, “You’re not old enough yet.”

“But Mom!” Samantha whined “Aunt Margaret’s is SO boring and she has those smelly old cats and she still treats me like a little kid!”

“Sam that’s enough!” My dad interrupted, “You are going with us and that’s final!”

“Fine!” Sam huffed, slouching down in her seat.

The rest of dinner was uneventful. Mom, dad and I made small talk. Samantha sat silently and sulked.

It was a pretty normal dinner for my family.

After dinner I helped mom clear the table and then we all went to the living room and settled down in front of the TV.

As we watched the latest reality show that featured celebrity chefs working in a high school cafeteria or some other nonsense, I became increasingly aware of my need to use the bathroom. I had just started to adjust to being in front of my family while secretly wearing a diaper, but there was no way I was going to use one in front of them.

“Goodnight,” I told everyone “I’m going to go bed now, I’m pretty beat.”

“Okay, old man!” Dad teased, “It’s pretty early isn’t it?”

“Yeah,” I replied “I thought I might read for a while or something. I’m pretty tired though, it’s been a long week.”

“All right then, good night” Mom said “We’ll probably leave pretty early tomorrow so if you’re not up have a good weekend and be good!”

“Thanks Mom, hope you guys have a good trip.” I responded “Have fun at Aunt Margaret’s Sam, say hi for me.”

Sam shot me a dirty look as I retreated up the stairs.

I made it to my room and shut the door. My need to use the bathroom was increasing exponentially.

I wasted no time. With very little concentration I released my bladder. Hot urine quickly filled my diaper, soaking the front then quickly pooling between my legs. It was so much that it didn’t all soak in right away. I could feel it sloshing around. I was afraid to sit down, afraid it would leak out the edges.

I grabbed a dry diaper and made my way toward the bathroom, intending to shower and change. As I stepped into the bathroom however I suddenly became aware that my need was to do more than just pee. I hadn’t thought about this. Like Jane I wasn’t sure I wanted to do that in my diaper. Unlike Jane, I had a choice. After considering it for a few minutes I took off the sodden diaper and finished my business in the toilet. Remembering what had happened to Jane just a few hours earlier I felt slightly guilty for chickening out. Still despite my enjoyment of the diapers thus far, I wasn’t sure I wanted to use them all the way, not yet.

After showering and putting on a dry diaper I climbed into bed. Grabbing my cell phone from the bedside table I texted Jane.

‘Guess what?’ I texted excitedly, ‘My parents and Sam are going away for the weekend. I have the whole house to myself!’

A few minutes later Jane texted back ‘Sorry, I’ve got plans’

Well that sucked!

Then a few seconds later, ‘JK! LOL! I’ll have to make an excuse for my Mom, but I’m sure I can get away. Looking forward to it!’

We texted for a little bit longer discussing our plans then I told Jane goodnight and decided to turn out my lights.

As I settled under the covers I realized how odd it seemed that an 18 year old guy would be lying in bed in a diaper thinking that his life was just about perfect….

Chapter 29: Home Alone!

Sunlight glared through my window as I rolled over to check the time. 10 o’clock, my parents and sister were probably long gone.

I checked out the window, sure enough the only car in the driveway was my dad’s work car and my own.

I had the house to myself!

I checked my diaper and was unsurprised to find it dry. I had written off my one bedwetting incident as a fluke.

I had to go however. But I decided to take advantage of my new found freedom and have some fun.

I stripped off everything except my diaper and proceeded down the stairs.

I stopped at the landing to make sure I was truly alone, sure enough the house was completely quiet.

Walking into the living room I hurried to pull the curtains, I didn’t want to give the neighbors a show after all.

I then went into the kitchen to pour myself a bowl of cereal. It was then I realized a downside to my weekend as a bachelor. My cooking skills were zero. It looked like a weekend of cereal and spaghettios for me!

Much to my relief I found a note on the table-

Peter,

Didn’t want to wake you, have a good weekend and stay out of trouble. We’ll be at your Aunt Margaret’s if you need anything. Here’s some money for meals. Don’t eat too much junk!

Love,

Mom

Beside the note was fifty dollars! This was going to be an even better weekend than I thought!

I took my bowl of cereal and returned to the living room. I sat down on the couch and flipped on the TV.

Sitting there in just my diaper I grew increasingly aware of my need to use the bathroom. I usually went when I first got up and my body was growing increasingly aware of the fact that I hadn’t. I decided to see just how long I could hold it.

I finished my cereal and sat the bowl down on the end table. I’d put it away eventually I told myself.

I flipped through the channels and found some old movie that looked half interesting. ‘Whatever happened to Saturday morning cartoons?’ I thought to myself. It didn’t matter, my mind wasn’t really on the movie anyway.

I really had to go now, so much I couldn’t sit still. I stood up and started to pace around the room. I twitched and fidgeted, trying my very best to hold it to the very end.

A spurt escaped and shot into my diaper. I clenched my muscles, cutting off the flow.

I bounced up and down willing myself to hold on. I wanted to wet, I just wanted to make this feeling last as long as possible.

Another spurt, this one bigger than the first.

I doubled over, I had never felt something so intense in my life!

A spurt, followed by a stream.

This was it, I couldn’t hold it any longer! I was wetting myself and for the first time in a long time (while awake that is) it was completely out of my control. It was amazing!

The warm pee flowed and flowed into my diaper, seeming to never end. Then I felt a drip run down my leg. I was leaking! I tried to stop but it was hopeless. I stood there as the drip turned to rivulets running down both legs and dripping onto the floor.

Finally, I stopped. My diaper hung heavily between my legs. My legs were wet, the floor was wet, I had some serious cleaning up to do!

I headed toward the hall closet to get a towel. My diaper was so saturated I had trouble walking! As I slowly made my way toward the hall a voice suddenly startled me from the kitchen.

“Hey Peter!” Mom said, “Are you up? I forgot my pur…. What are you wearing!?!?”

I sat bolt upright in my bed unable to breathe. In a panic I looked around my room. Frantically I tried to cover myself. Where had my mom gone? For a moment I was confused. Then I realized, it was a dream! I breathed a sigh of relief. Another dream! These diapers were really getting to my head!

But the last time I had a dream like this I had… Could it have happened again? Cautiously I pulled my blanket away.

Sure enough my diaper was soaked! I quickly checked my sheets. Fortunately the diaper held, the sheets were dry.

I got out of bed and headed to the bathroom. I undid the diaper and tossed it into my trashcan. I could get rid of it later since there was no one around to find it.

As I showered I considered my situation. For the second time in a week I had wet my bed. Were the diapers causing it? The first time I wasn’t wearing one I reminded myself. And this time, well I was certainly glad I had one on or else my mattress would have been ruined!

But still, maybe all this thinking about diapers WAS causing these dreams.

I was torn, I DID enjoy wearing the diapers and the recalling the intense feelings of holding it in my dream last night was something I wanted to recreate.

However, I didn’t want to become a real bed-wetter again! After all I was headed to college in a few months.

I decided not to fret about it too much. I had the house to myself this weekend and Jane was coming over. This weekend was going to be fun!

I finished my shower and went back to my room. After taping on a new diaper I slipped on a pair of sweats and a t-shirt. It couldn’t hurt to be a little cautious!

I went downstairs and found the house empty. Sure enough there was a note on the table. There was only $40 however, still enough for a great weekend. I poured my cereal and headed to the living room.

Sadly the rest of my dream didn’t repeat itself. I didn’t have to go to the bathroom, I had already gone in my bed. There was nothing on TV but infomercials (again where were the cartoons!?). And my mom didn’t make a surprise appearance (that part was good news of course!).

I sat there in a dry diaper that was going to remain dry for the next couple hours. I was bored. My life as a bachelor was starting to get dull before it had even begun! I grabbed my phone and texted Jane.

‘Did you come up with an excuse for your mom? When are you coming over?’

A minute later a text rang back, ‘Mom taken care of, be over after lunch’

Seeming how it was nearly 11 o’clock when I got out of bed ‘after lunch’ was pretty soon.

I got up and started to tidy the house. I laughed to myself thinking that Mom would be even more shocked to come home and find me cleaning than she would be to find me wearing a diaper!

After I finished cleaning I went upstairs and changed clothes. Wanting to look a bit more presentable for Jane I put on a nicer shirt and pulled a pair of jeans over my still dry diaper. The fit was a bit snug.

Having just eaten breakfast I skipped lunch myself. Time still seemed to move at a crawl.

Finally I heard a car pull in to the driveway. I peeked out the window. It was Jane!

I greeted her at the door, pulling her into a long kiss.

“Hey there beautiful,” I whispered in her ear “I thought you would never get here!”

“Well I had to deal with my mom!” Jane said smiling as she kissed me back “I wasn’t sure I was going to be able to get out of there!”

“So what did you tell her anyway?” I asked.

“I told her was going to a sleepover at Kimmy’s house” Jane explained.

Kimmy was Jane’s best friend from elementary school. Kimmy and I didn’t hang out much. I always thought she was a bit annoying.

“And she went for that?” I said incredulously.

“Well, she said I could go but only if I took this with me.” Jane said indicating a bag slung over her shoulder.

“What is that” I asked, though I had a god idea.

“It’s my diaper bag” Jane replied blushing. “I guess mom thought if I had to carry this I would be too embarrassed to go anywhere, little did she know…”

“Anyway I just told her I was going and that Kimmy wouldn’t care what I had in my bag,” Jane continued “What else could she say? She had already said I could go!”

“But what if she calls Kimmy?” I asked worried, “Your mom will go absolutely mental if she finds out you lied!”

“Don’t worry, Kimmy is covering for me and her parents are out of town too” Jane assured me “Besides I might actually go over there later.”

It was then that I noticed Jane had another bag, an overnight bag, in her hand.

“Or not?” I asked hopefully.

“We’ll see” Jane grinned “But I’ll tell you this. Kimmy has no idea about my little secret and I really don’t want her to find out!”

With that we made our way into the living room and proceeded to make out on the couch.

An hour later we finally came up for air. Jane had a strange look on her face.

“What’s wrong?” I joked “Am I a bad kisser or something?”

“No” Jane leaned in kissing me again, “You’re a great kisser. I umm… need to change.”

Jane’s voice trailed off and her face turned beet red.

“You don’t have to be embarrassed!” I reminded her, “Did you forget what I’m wearing?”

“I know, I know…” replied Jane “It’s just not something you really get used to you know?”

“It’s okay!” I reassured her “I don’t mind… really..”

“I know you’re so sweet!” Jane gave me another quick kiss and headed towards the hall where she had left her bags.

A few moments later Jane reappeared at the door, again looking rather embarrassed.

“Peter…” She started “Can I ask you something?”

“Of course..” I said, somewhat puzzled at what it could be.

“Well, I umm…” Jane stumbled over her words “Well, you see, the thing is… well the Goodnites they were easy.. I mean I just pulled them on and umm... well these… diapers… I kind of have a hard time getting them on straight and umm… well then they leak sometimes… so anyway mom kind of helps me at home and I was.. uhh.. wondering if you… Oh never mind, I just can’t!”

Jane stared straight down at the floor.

“Jane,” I started amazed at what I was about to ask, “Do you want me to help you change?”

“No Peter!” Jane sounded almost in tears, “You can’t, I mean I can’t ask you too… I can’t ask my boyfriend to change my diaper!”

“Jane,” I stopped her, “I love you and would do anything for you! Nothing will change that. If you need help, I will help you!”

Jane moved reluctantly across the room and set down her diaper bag.

“I love you too Peter” Jane replied “I just don’t want to mess things up between us.”

“Trust me,” I responded “Nothing is going to change. Nothing but your diaper that is!”

Jane smiled and seemed to relax a bit. Still I could tell she was embarrassed as she undid her pants and revealed a very wet diaper. Slowly she laid down on the carpet in front of me.

I could scarcely believe what I was about to do. My own diaper struggled to contain my excitement.

Opening up the diaper bag Jane’s mom had packed for her I was surprised by the contents.

Diapers, lotion, powder, wipes. It was more like a well-stocked bag for a toddler instead of an 18 year old girl.

“Your mom really knows how to pack a bag!” I commented.

“I know, I think she was trying to embarrass me so I wouldn’t go to the sleepover” Jane explained.

“Do you want me to use any of this stuff?” I asked.

Jane’s answer surprised me, “You can use what you want. I have been getting a bit of a rash, but if it bothers you just change me.”

“No, no I told you it doesn’t bother me! I don’t want you to be uncomfortable!’ I said trying to not sound too eager.

I carefully undid the tapes and removed Jane’s wet diaper. I was greeted by the second surprise of the day. Underneath her diaper Jane was completely bare; the hair that normally signified her womanhood was gone.

Jane seemed to sense the direction of my gaze and hastened to explain.

“Mom made me shave, as if the diapers weren’t embarrassing enough! She said that little girls who pee themselves don’t have hair down there and neither should I!” A spark of fury came into Jane’s voice.

“That’s horrible! She is such a ‘B’!” I said agreeing with Jane, secretly thinking how cute she looked.

Jane grinned at my comment.

I took a baby wipe from the bag and carefully wiped Jane between the legs, moving from front to back as I had seen my mom do with my baby cousin.

Jane lifted her bottom off the ground slightly and I wiped back there as well.

I noticed the wipe was slightly soiled. I decided not to say anything not wanting her to be more embarrassed.

Next I took out the bottle of lotion and squirted some onto my hand. I rubbed it over Jane’s newly shaved private areas allowing my finger to slip slightly inside a couple times. Jane shivered slightly and smiled at me.

Finally I took a diaper out of the bag and spread it out. Jane suddenly lifted her legs in the air completely exposing herself to me. I slid the diaper under her and took the opportunity to give her bottom a quick smack.

“Hey! Watch it!” Jane protested with a grin. She put her legs back down and I pulled the diaper up between them. I taped it firmly, almost sad that the show was over.

“Thanks!” Jane said sitting up “Now it’s your turn!”

“My turn?” I asked shocked, “But I’m not even wet!”

“So?” Jane teased “That can be remedied can’t it?”

I was starting to feel the need to go.

“Hold on a minute,” I responded standing up and trying to focus on my bladder.

“No, with your pants off so I can see when you need to be changed!” Jane demanded.

Wait, was she starting to get into this?

I removed my pants and stood in front of Jane in just my shirt and diaper. It took a minute, but I was never one to be pee shy, pretty soon I was flooding my diaper.

Jane watched as the yellow line turned green… and then as I kept peeing.

“Wow! You sure pee a lot!” Jane commented, “I mean I know I was wet but that was after I went several times, you just soak it all at once!”

My mind turned over the fact that Jane had just admitted to wetting her diaper several times, had she already been wet when she got to my house that afternoon?

“Okay, let’s get you changed!” Jane commanded “Where are your supplies?”

“Well, all I have is diapers” I responded “and they’re upstairs”

“Well go get one silly” Jane said slapping my diapered butt.

I hurried upstairs and retrieved a diaper from under my bed.

Once back in the living room I handed it to Jane.

“Lay down” she told me and I did.

Jane undid the wet diaper and removed it.

“Looks like someone’s still a ‘big boy’ even if he does pee his pants!” I knew she was talking about my hair ‘down there’.

With that she took a baby wipe and started wiping my private areas. Instantly my body responded to her touch.

“A very big boy!” She teased noting my excitement.

Grabbing the lotion she applied it directly to my crotch, stroking me several times. The pleasure was immense, it was the first time a girl had touched me in that way and I hoped she would continue.

Sadly she stopped, grabbed a diaper and tapped me on the bottom. I realized she was waiting for me to raise my legs so I did. It felt somewhat awkward to be so exposed. Jane slid the diaper under me and I put my legs down. After shaking in some baby powder she taped me up.

She then laid down on top of me, still in just her diaper and t-shirt and started kissing me passionately. It didn’t take much for my dry diaper to become soiled again.

Chapter 30: The Perfect Saturday

After our second marathon make out session of the day ended we sat back and simply held each other. Jane noted the slight discoloration on the front of my diaper.

“Need to be changed again?” she asked teasingly.

"I'm okay," I answered "How about you?"

“No, I’m fine.’ Jane replied “Perfectly dry!”

“You sure about that?” I asked, “Perhaps I should check!”

Without warning I slipped my fingers into the crotch of Jane’s diaper.

Jane squealed and slapped my hand.

“Peter! Watch it!” She exclaimed, though she was smiling.

I pulled my hand away but only after giving it one more quick feel.

“Well someone’s been a naughty girl!” I teased, “You are wet!”

“No I’m not!” Jane protested “I think I would know wouldn’t I?”

“Well the evidence clearly says otherwise” I replied pointing to the front of Jane’s diaper.

The wetness indicator on the front had clearly changed colors, she wasn’t soaked but was wet nonetheless.

Jane looked puzzled and slipped her own hand down the front of her diaper as if she thought the color changing lines may have been faulty. She briefly felt inside her diaper and then pulled her hand out and smelled it.

“Oh wow!” Jane sounded shocked, “I just thought I had got umm, excited, shall we say. I guess I didn’t notice I had peed too.”

Then she gave me her best pout, “So if I’ve been naughty I guess I need to be punished, huh?”

“Let’s get you changed first!” I answered, thinking of where I could take this.

I grabbed the diaper bag and told Jane to lay down on the floor.

“It’s a good thing your mom packed plenty of these” I commented as I took out another dry diaper.

“Oh that reminds me” Jane answered “I’m supposed to be saving these wet diapers for my Mom. I have to account for all of them when I get home. There are some ziplocs in my bag to put the wet diapers in.”

“Wow! Your mom is crazy!” I commented as I took a wipe and cleaned between her legs, Jane gasped and her body visibly tensed.

“Now let’s talk about that punishment” I exclaimed. Without warning I lifted both of Jane’s legs up in the air and gave her several quick slaps on the bottom. Jane shrieked in surprise.

“I think,” I continued as I grabbed another wipe and wiped her now red bottom “I think that for the rest of the day it should be diapers only! No clothes!”

I let Jane’s legs back down and started applying the lotion.

“No clothes?” Jane sounded worried “At all?”

“Not a stitch!” I replied shaking a healthy amount of powder into the diaper. “That way I will know when you’re wet!”

I finished up and taped Jane’s diaper securely around her.

“Well, I’ll tell you what” Jane mulled over her answer, “I’ll do it, but only if you do it too!”

The decision took less than a second as I stood up and whipped off my shirt leaving me in just my diaper.

Jane appeared somewhat more reluctant as she stood up and slipped her own shirt over her head.

She stood in front of me in just her bra and diaper looking slightly embarrassed.

“Can I keep my bra on?” Jane pleaded.

I briefly considered giving Jane a reprieve but the naughty smile on her face told me she was enjoying this as much as I was.

“You’re the one who was being punished.” I reminded her, “Tell you what I’ll give you a choice, no clothes means no clothes, as in nothing. It’s that or ten swats with my dad’s paddle. You take the swats and I’ll even give you your shirt back!”

Jane looked shocked.

“I’ve never been paddled before!” she replied, “Mom spanks plenty, but always with her hand! I’m not sure I could take the paddle!”

‘But the other day on the phone you said…” I started.

“I was teasing you! Remember? I’ve never been paddled and I don’t plan to be now!” Jane said firmly.

“Well you know what that means” I told her.

“I know! But trust me Peter, you’re going to pay for this later! I don’t know how, but you’ll pay!”

With that Jane reached around and undid her bra removing it slowly exposing her tiny breasts.

Jane’s face burned bright red, but I knew she was enjoying this. Jane was an exhibitionist long before today and even now her exposed breasts betrayed her own excitement.

“You just wait Peter! You’ll get yours!” Jane smiled and pulled me in to a kiss. Her bare breasts against my body were too much and I lost it in my diaper for the second time.

Jane immediately took note of my situation.

“Looks like someone else needs a change!” she quipped, pushing me back down on the floor.

The process of earlier was repeated with Jane changing me and spending a little longer cleaning ‘certain’ areas. After that we decided to clean up the room which was littered with diapers and used wipes.

I was about to throw away Jane’s wet diapers when she reminded me that she needed to save the ‘evidence’ for her mom. I retrieved two gallon ziploc baggies from her bag to place the diapers in. As I was wrapping up the second of Jane’s wet diapers (the one I removed just 10 minutes earlier) I noticed that the back of the diaper was a bit dirty too, not really dirty, just slightly stained.

The rest of the afternoon proceeded pretty normal. Well as normal as it can with two teenagers walking around the house in nothing but diapers. We had snacks, sat and chatted about school, plans for summer, etc. Finally we settled down to watch a movie.

Jane curled up on the couch beside me laying her mostly nude body against mine. I wrapped my arm around her and placed my hand casually on one of her breasts. She made no move to stop me or move my hand.

After we had watched about 20 minutes of the movie Jane turned to me.

“Peter, I’m worried.” the tone of her voice told me she was serious.

I stopped the movie. “What’s wrong” I asked, concerned.

“Well, you know earlier when I didn’t know I was wet? I told you it was because I was excited. The truth is it wasn’t the first time recently. I think these diapers are starting to mess me up.” Jane explained quietly, “I’ve peed myself a couple times on accident recently and then last night..” Jane paused for a moment “…I wet my bed. I mean I had a diaper on, but when I woke up it was wet and I don’t remember going!”

I decided it was time to tell Jane one of my big secret.

“I did too.” I admitted.

“Did what?” Jane asked.

“I wet my bed too, last night that is, well my diaper really. It was a good thing I had one on!” I replied.

“Wait, you’ve been wearing the diapers at home too?” Jane seemed surprised “Not just when you’re around me?”

“Well, yeah.” I said simply “I told you as long as you had to wear them so did I. If you can’t take them off, I won’t either! That’s not too weird is it?”

“Weird? Yes it’s weird!” answered Jane, “But it’s sweet! You keep amazing me Peter!”

I went on to tell Jane about how I had dreamed about going in my diaper in front of my mom and how I had woken up in a soaked diaper. I told her about my other accident as well, though I left out the details of that dream.

“Oh Peter, that must have been awful!” Jane sympathized “Do you think these diapers are causing this? I mean are we both going to turn into bed-wetters again? I don’t have a choice, but you should stop wearing them right now if that’s the case!”

“I don’t know what’s going to happen” I assured her, “But I’m NOT taking this or any diaper off until you can take yours off for good! If I become a bed-wetter, I’ll deal with it!”

“I love you Peter!” Jane said reaching up and kissing me.

Then a realization seemed to hit her. “So if you’ve been wearing these all the time does that mean you’ve… you know.. done something besides wet them?”

Remembering the previous night I instantly felt guilty.

“I did take it off once… to do that.” I admitted.

“I don’t blame you! Peter I had to use my diaper and it was horrible! It’s much worse than wetting. It’s okay, I would take mine off too if I could!” Jane said emphatically.

“But that’s the thing isn’t it?” I said, “You can’t. I promised you I was in for whatever you were in for. Hold on a minute!”

I leaped up and ran out of the room, an idea suddenly coming into my head. I ran out to the hallway bathroom and locked the door then closed it from the outside, locking myself out. I ran around and repeated the process in each of the other bathrooms.

I returned to the living room and told Jane what I had done.

“Oh, Peter you shouldn’t have done that!” Jane exclaimed, looking distressed.

“Don’t worry about it!” I assured her “I’ll be fine. That way I can’t cheat, I’m as stuck as you are!”

“No, I really wish you hadn’t done that!” Jane sounded worried.

What did she have to worry about? I was the one locked out! It’s not like she could have used it anyway!

We sat down and continued to watch the movie. Actually, I watched the movie, Jane sat and looked distracted.

A

After 15 minutes or so she started shifting around, she sat up on the couch and moved slightly away from me. After a while she moved her foot up on the couch and sat on it, bouncing up and down.

‘What is she doing?’ I thought to myself. I tried to coax her to lay down on me again pulling on her arm.

She laid briefly against me and I played with her hair, but she continued to fidget and then sat straight back up.

A few minutes later she cried, “Peter I’m so sorry… I didn’t want you to see, but then you locked the bathroom and I’ve been trying all day to avoid it and…”

Suddenly Jane’s face turned the darkest shade of red I had ever seen, and intense look came over her. I recognized the look from before my sister was potty trained. Jane was filling her diaper.

Jane stood up and clutched desperately at the back of her diaper, trying to stop the inevitable. She turned her back to me in embarrassment but then seemed to decide that was worse and turned around to face me.

I gently took her hands and said simply, “It’s okay”

A few moments later it was over and Jane’s face went from dark red to white as she realized what she had just done in front of me.

“I just couldn’t hold it any longer. I am so, so sorry” Jane said ashamed, “Let me get some wipes and I’ll go in the other room and change. You shouldn’t have to deal with this.”

“Nonsense,” I replied standing up and kissing her on the head, “I don’t mind, really.”

I went to the hall closet and got a towel to spread on the floor. I had Jane lay atop of it.

“Peter you don’t have to do this, it’s really gross!” Jane said again.

“Jane I told you it’s okay!” I replied. For once I wasn’t sure about that statement.

The diaper change went okay. Let’s just say it wasn’t my favorite experience of the weekend. I got Jane cleaned up though and I managed not to make any awful faces as I did. There was still something to seeing my girlfriend in a diaper though! Even a dirty diaper somehow stirred something.

After Jane was clean and much more comfortable we were able to finish our movie. Then after a bit more making out (het we’re horny teenagers what do you want?) we decided to get dinner. Neither of us wanting to go out we decided to order a pizza. Waiting for the pizza to arrive I took the opportunity to wet my diaper and let Jane change it.

Sitting back up from my change I turned to Jane and said, “You know we did say no clothes all day, the pizza guy is going to get a bit of a shock!”

Jane looked flabbergasted “I am NOT answering the door in just a diaper! What if it’s someone we know?”

She had a point, several people from our high school worked at the local pizza parlor. It still would have been fun though.

When the pizza arrived I wrapped myself in my bathrobe and Jane hid in the back. The pizza guy didn’t look familiar. It was probably for the best however, we didn’t want to draw too much attention to ourselves since Jane wasn’t supposed to even be there.

After the pizza we played some video games. No kinky twists this time, just straight up Mario Kart.

At about 11 PM I turned to Jane and asked, “Shouldn’t you be getting over to Kimmy’s?”

“Nah, I texted her hours ago and asked her to cover for me. That is unless you want me to go?” Jane said innocently.

“No, no that’s okay! You can stay here!” I replied quickly. I didn’t want to know what my parents would say if they found out I had a girl spend the night while they were away. Of course the whole diaper thing would be hard to explain as well.

“Good!” Jane said smiling, “I didn’t want to have to explain these diapers to Kimmy anyway. She’s a great friend but somehow I have the feeling the whole school would know my secret by Monday afternoon!”

Kimmy really was a blabbermouth!

Jane and I changed each other’s diapers one more time before bed. Mine wasn’t that wet but hers was soaked. I honestly had no idea how a girl so small could pee so much!

Jane produced from the bottom of her bag something I hadn’t seen before.

“It’s a nighttime diaper,” she explained “Mom makes me wear these to bed so she doesn’t have to change me at night. They’re made to hold more, uhh.. liquid”

The diaper was definitely thicker and puffier than Jane’s normal diapers. I found myself wishing I had some nighttime diapers. After we each had dry diapers on we laid down in my bed.

I looked at Jane and marveled at my good fortune. I finally had the girl, the girl I had been in love with since I knew her. And she was laying right here beside me in bed! In nothing but a diaper!

I leaned over and kissed her, she rolled over to return her kiss and pulled me on top of her. We started kissing and touching, hands grasping and exploring , caressing and rubbing. It was our most passionate make out session yet. I reached down and started to un-tape Jane’s diaper, she stopped me. “Not now,” was all she said. So we laid there and held each other for what seemed like hours. Finally, Jane leaned over and gave me one more kiss. “I’m going to sleep in your sister’s room, before we do something we both regret.” Jane whispered

But, as Jane went to get out of bed she let out a groan. “That’s just great!” she complained.

“What?” I asked, concerned

“My diaper! It’s ripped!” she said pointing to one of the tapes. It had become separated from the diaper and in the process torn a small hole in the plastic covering. I guess we got a little too passionate!

“I can’t wear this now. I told you I wet my bed the other night. What if I do it again? This thing would leak all over your sisters bed!” Jane said panicking.

“So? Just put on another one.”, I pointed out.

“Right, I didn’t think about that, I guess I’m just tired” Jane said reaching for her bag.

“Great!” Jane exclaimed for a second time.

“What now?” I asked, looking towards Jane clutching her bag in frustration.

“I only have one left!” Jane responded holding up a singular diaper, “I have to have this for the morning, mom expects me to come home in one, she’ll check me as soon as I get in the door!”

“I see, that is a problem” I said thinking back to our day, I guess we HAD changed each other quite a few times.

“I have to have something for bed Peter. I a doubt I can make it through the night, I already have to go!” Jane cried.

“You can have one of my diapers” I offered.

“Thanks but I think yours would be too big for me” Jane pointed out.

“I know!” I suddenly remembered “I still have those Goodnites, you know the ones with the hearts on them? You can wear one of those!”

I reached under my bed where I had stashed the Goodnites along with my other diapers.

“Yeah, I forgot about those!” Jane grinned “You looked really cute in those you know!”

“Forget it!” I told her “Those things are way too tight on me! Besides I told you I wet too last night. Those would never hold all my pee. My bed would be soaked!”

“Yeah I’m kind of worried about that too.” Jane admitted “Mom bought me these night time diapers because she didn’t want to get up and change me. But it was pretty lucky I guess, when I really do wet my bed, I kind of wet a lot.”

Despite everything we had done that day Jane seemed embarrassed by this revelation.

“Well, we’ll just have to make the best of it” I said “You said you have to go right? Why don’t you just go on and use that one your wearing right now? Then maybe you can make it through the night dry.”

“I guess” Jane said uncertainly “But this one’s torn. It’s still going to make a horrible mess! Too bad you locked the bathroom, I could have just gone in there for once!”

“Now, now” I teased “That would be cheating!”

“What are you going to do tell my mom on me?” Jane teased back “Oh well, she’s probably expecting all my diapers to be used anyway. Still what about the tear? I don’t think you want pee all over your floor”

“Come here” I said pulling Jane back toward the bed.

“Peter, no more tonight! I’m tired!” Jane protested, thinking I wanted to make out again.

“No silly, I’m going to help you” I explained “I’ll hold this tape in place so you can go.”

I stood Jane in front of me and pressed the tape back in place.

“Okay go!” I commanded.

“Peter it’s not that easy!” Jane said “I mean I have to go pretty bad, but I still have a hard time making myself do it. Especially with you watching!”

“What do you mean?” I told her “I’ve seen you wet yourself at least a dozen times now. I mean you even.. well you know.. in front of me earlier”

“I know” Jane said sheepishly “But those were all accidents. I mean I always hold it until I can’t anymore. It’s different for me to do it on purpose”

“C’mon. Just try. You’ll be a lot more comfortable” I reasoned, gently pulling Jane closer. I guided her gently onto my lap and stroked her hair.

“Alright” Jane said reluctantly. She closed her eyes and laid her head on my shoulder.

After a moment she let out a small sigh.

Suddenly my lap felt warm. Had I peed and not even realized it? No I felt dry… just warm.

Then I realized, Jane was wetting her diaper. I slowly moved my hand holding the tape lower, touching the diaper at the same time. The feeling was incredible!

Jane finished and stood up, her diaper soaked.

Jane slipped off the diaper, put it in a Ziploc and threw it with the others in her bag. Then she took the Goodnite from me and slipped it on. She leaned over and gave me one last kiss.

“Good night, I love you!” she said as she went out the door.

“I love you too.” I responded, turning out the light. Happily I drifted off to sleep.

*017*2017-01-26 03:45

This is officially all new content. I am breaking the newer stuff into smaller chunks.

Chapter 31: The Next Morning

I woke up early the next morning to someone rustling around in my room. It took me a minute to come out of the haze of sleep but when I did I had a pleasant surprise. A stark naked Jane was standing in the middle of my room!

“Well. I usually wake up to a mess on my sheets after this dream” I said sleepily.

“Oh hush you!” Jane swatted at me playfully “I need another Goodnite, I soaked the other one. I’m pretty sure your sister’s bed is okay though”

“They’re under my bed” I told her “but I have a better idea, why don’t you just come here!”

Without warning I grabbed her and pulled her into my bed.

“Peter!” Jane shrieked, giggling at the same time “You are crazy”

Still, she kissed me, pressing her tiny breasts against my bare chest. This was followed by a lot more kissing, rubbing, groping and touching. But being a gentleman I kept my diaper on, Jane would let me know when she wanted to go further.

Finally, Jane laid down beside me and I put my arm around her, holding her close. I wasn’t quite sure what was hotter. Jane in her diaper, or Jane completely naked, her bare skin touching mine. Either way I reasoned, I was a very lucky man. Still sleepy we both drifted off, Jane in my arms and me with a big smile on my face.

“Oh crap!”

I woke up with a jolt, sitting up straight in bed.

“What? Who? I mean umm., What’s wrong?” I said sleepily.

I looked over to see Jane looking very upset.

“We fell back asleep Peter! And I didn’t put a Goodnite on, and I…” Jane’s voice trembled.

I followed her gaze and saw what she was so upset about. There was now a large wet spot on my bed.

“I’m so sorry Peter!” Jane cried

“It’s okay” I reassured her “You’re not the first one to have an accident in here you know!”

I reached under the covers to check my own diaper. Unfortunately it was completely dry, I was hoping to show Jane that I had wet too. I wondered if I could pee in it now and convince her I woke up wet.

As I tried to relax and wet my diaper without her noticing, Jane climbed out of bed and inspected the damage.

“Oh Peter! Your sheets! Your mattress! I’ve ruined them!” Jane protested, not seeming to mind that she was still completely nude.

“No really it’s okay!” I said trying to keep the covers over me as warm pee flowed into my own diaper.

I finished up and whipped off the blanket.

“Look I’m wet too!” I said, perhaps a little too enthusiastically.

“Nice try Peter!” Jane replied, clearly not buying it “But I could tell you were just peeing”

“Oh, sorry” I apologized

“Still it was sweet of you to try and make me feel better. But what about your bed?” Jane repeated, pointing to the large wet spot.

“I told you not to worry” I said again. “I was worried about leaking myself so I took precautions. Look!”

I pulled the sheets off to reveal the towels I had placed underneath. They too were soaked, but pulling them aside revealed that only a tiny half-dollar size wet spot had made it through.

“See nothing to worry about, we’ll just throw these in the washer and no one will ever know!” I pointed out, gathering the wet sheets and towels into a pile. “You go take shower and I’ll get these into the machine”

I jimmied the lock so Jane could get into the bathroom.

“Thanks Peter” Jane replied giving me a quick kiss.

I couldn’t help but swat her bare butt as she headed off to the shower.

After getting the washing machine started I headed back to my room and decided I needed to get out of the wet diaper. Since Jane was in the shower I changed myself. Jane came out of the shower fully clothed, presumably with her last dry diaper on underneath. Apparently, our fun weekend was over.

“Look, I’ve got to go Peter, my mom will be expecting me” Jane said sensing my disappointment “But I’ve had a great time, really. Sorry again about your bed.”

“I told you not to worry about it!” I said emphatically “No damage done!”

The small wet spot, almost already dry, would be a souvenir of our weekend I thought to myself.

Jane gathered her bags, making sure all her wet and soiled diapers were accounted for. I guess her mom was going to count them.

“I love you Peter” Jane said hugging me tightly.

“I love you too!” I said back, kissing her slowly.

With one last kiss Jane headed out the door, leaving me standing there alone.

Chapter 32: A Price to Pay

I got dressed and decided to tidy up the house. Making sure no evidence was left of our weekend I carefully checked the living room, kitchen and my bedroom for any stray diapers and emptied the wastebaskets in each room. I made my bed with fresh sheets and picked the locks on the remaining doors.

Seeing that I had quite a trash bag full of wet diapers I decided that I was better off not throwing them away at home. I tossed the bag into the back of my car and headed down the road. I pulled in behind a local strip mall and tossed the bag into a dumpster.

Realizing how many diapers I had already gone through I decided I would probably need more soon. At least if I was going to keep my promise to Jane.

I headed to the drug store and picked up a new bag of the same generic tape on diapersI was currently wearing. Beside them on the shelf sat overnight diapers like the one Jane had put on the night before. Intrigued I grabbed a pack of those as well and headed to the check out. I told myself I needed to be a little but more careful with these, I was spending a lot of money on diapers!

After paying for my purchases I pulled through the fast food drive through and started to head home. Just then it hit me, I had a book report due on Monday and I hadn’t even started on it! I guess my fun weekend came with a price.

I turned the car around and headed to the library hoping to find perhaps to find video or cliff notes version of the book I was supposed to have read. I got to the library and discovered many of my classmates must have had the same idea. All the DVD’s were checked out and there weren’t any cliff notes to be found. Resigned to the fact that I would just have to tough it out the hard way I swiped a copy of the actual book (which there were plenty of) and headed to a computer in the corner of the library.

I had sat there for an hour or so, speed reading and typing notes at the same time, when the large drink I got at the fast food restaurant had made its way to my bladder. Knowing I had plenty of diapers to change into in the back of my car I slowly started to wet myself. I sat there enjoying the warmth for a few minutes when I realized that I had to do more than just pee. I started to get up and head for the bathroom when I remembered what I had told Jane. ‘In for a penny, in for a pound’ or something like that? But dare I do it here in public? There weren’t many people in the library that afternoon. But still, to do that here in public, I just wasn’t sure.

I sat back down to work on my report, hoping I could put off my need until I got home. But my body had other ideas, I shifted and wiggled in my seat, but my discomfort just continued to grow. Finally, unable to sit still anymore I stood up and absentmindedly walked among the stacks of books.

I found myself in the health and wellness section where I noticed several books about bedwetting. Curious I picked one up and flipped through the pages. I was shocked to find several case studies about bedwetting in teenagers. There was one on a fifteen year old boy and another about a seventeen year old girl who had both wet their beds their entire lives. There was even a section about adult bedwetting. Apparently it was all more common than you would think. Thinking I would have to tell Jane about this I put the book back on the shelf. Perhaps it would help her knowing she wasn’t as alone with her problem as she thought. But this was doing nothing to help me with my current problem.

I realized then I couldn’t move another step, it was taking all the will power I had to hold back what was about to happen. I gave in and let the inevitable take its course. I really didn’t have to do anything. I had waited so long that it just kind of happened. I was having a legitimate accident right there in the library. A type of accident I hadn’t had since I was a small child. It was completely gross and yet arousing at the same time.

I finished up and did a quick glance around. I was so glad to see that there was no one else in this section of the library that may have witnessed the incident. I quickly made my way to the bathroom. It was rather awkward walking there, my diaper hanging heavily between my legs. I chose to use the single stall family bathroom with the locking door. Clean up was difficult to say the least, but I managed to make the best of it. I wrapped the diaper up and stuffed it into the bottom of the trashcan. After retrieving a clean diaper from my car and putting it on I decided it was time to head home. My parents and sister were bound to have been back for some time now.

As I turned onto my street I saw their car in the drive way. Suddenly I felt nervous, had I cleaned everything up? Hoping I hadn’t missed anything, I tossed a coat over my recent purchases I headed into the house.

“Hi guys! Welcome back!” I tried to sound casual. Then I came to a dead stop.

There in the middle of the kitchen table sat a pink pack of girl’s Goodnites.
