My Mom is Such a `B----`! - Revised and Complete

Author: Peter Pants

*019*2017-01-28 04:44

Chapter 33: Caught!

I couldn’t breathe. My stomach was in my throat.

No one had seen me yet. There was still time to turn and walk back out the door.

I could run away, move to Canada, get a job tapping trees for maple syrup or something.

My head spun. I had been so careful. How had they found the Goodnites? Had they found my other diapers too?

My mom walked in and saw me staring at the package.

“Oh hi honey” she said, “Sorry, I meant to put those away. But I guess you might as well know, you’re going to find out anyway. Those are for your sister. It seems she has been wetting her bed and hiding it from us.”

I just stared, confused. My sister did what? I had never known Sam to have a bedwetting problem, as far as I knew I was the only one in my family with that particular affliction.

Mom was oblivious to my concern.

“How was your weekend Peter? I’ve got to tell you the, the house looks great! Thanks for cleaning, and you even did a load of laundry! I’m really impressed.” She gushed.

I continued to stare dumbfounded at the Goodnites, this was all too weird.

“Those are for Sam?” I managed to get out, pointing at the package “I don’t underst… What happened?”

“I’ve never seen you this concerned about your sister Peter” Mom commented “Very well, but you know the family rule, what happens in this house stays in this house. She never told anyone when you were wetting the bed.”

Yeah right! I thought, I knew for a fact she had blabbed my secret to all her friends. I had caught them several times in hushed conversations, giggling wildly. They had even tried to sneak in and catch me one time during a sleepover.

“Anyway, since you asked” my mother continued “When I got home and saw you had washed your sheets and towels I asked Samantha when the last time was she had washed hers. She said she didn’t know so I went in her room to strip her bed. Her room smelled like pee when I went in there and then I found a wet one of those in her trashcan!” Mom pointed to the Goodnites.

Jane’s wet Goodnite! She must have taken it off and tossed it in there before coming into my room early that morning! I had checked all the other rooms but I didn’think to check Sam’s!

“Anyway,” Mom explained “I want to make sure you understand, she is not being punished for wetting the bed just like we never punished you. The rules will be the same for her as they were for you, she has to wear these until she is dry for a week. They are for her comfort and to protect her bed. Though it looks like she’s been wearing them already, how she got them I have no idea!”

I couldn’t believe this! Sam was being put in Goodnites because of my mistake. Part of me felt she deserved this for all the times she had teased me for wetting my bed. But another part of me actually felt bad for my sister.

Mom apparently wasn’t done with our little session of family confidential “So as I said your sister is not in trouble for wetting the bed. She IS in trouble for lying about it. She’s up in her room right now and she is still denying that she did it, even with the evidence I found in her trashcan! I mean you didn’t pee in a girl’s Goodnite and leave it in her room did you?”

“No” I responded. After all ‘I’ hadn’t wet the Goodnite. “But..”

Mom cut me off “Like she expects me to believe her, especially after what happened on the way to your aunt’s house!”

What had happened on the way to Aunt Margaret’s? I wondered.

“Anyway, you don’t need to worry about all that. Did you have a good weekend? What did you do?” Mom asked again

“Oh I just kind of hung out around the house.” I replied. “I have a book report to finish up, I’ll see you later”

“All right, don’t stay up to late!” mom called as I retreated up to my room.

As I passed Samantha’s room the door flew open.

“You sick little freak!” She hissed at me. “I don’t know how, I don’t know why you would do that. But I know it was you!”

“I don’t know what you’re talking about” I lied. I could tell she had been crying and I felt bad for her.

“Oh shut up! I heard mom telling you all about my ‘little problem’.” She spat out “The thing is I don’t have a problem! I KNOW I didn’t wet that diaper. So who does that leave? You! The thing I can’t figure out is why what you’re doing with girl’s diapers! I mean I know you’ve been wearing diapers lately, I’ve seen them! But GIRL’S DIAPERS? You really must be some kind of pervert! And WHAT were you doing in my room!”

I could tell Sam was really mad, and honestly I didn’t know what to say.

“You have no idea what you are talking about!” I managed to say. I went into my room and shut the door.

Sam screamed and slammed her door.

I sat down to work on my book report, but I couldn’t concentrate. Across the hall I could hear Sam sobbing.

‘She deserves this!’ I tried to tell myself.

When I was still wetting she had teased me constantly. She was always pointing out that she was younger than me but I was the one in pull-ups. She called me “Pee-ter Pants” and “Diaper Baby”, always behind our parents’ backs of course.

Still, I honestly felt bad for her. Despite whatever animosity existed between us she was still my sister and I cared for her. Then there was what she had said. That she knew I had been wearing diapers. I didn’t know how she found out but the thing was she hadn’t told anyone, not even mom and dad. Why had she kept my secret?

I went across the hall and knocked on her door.

“Hey, Sam?” I said quietly.

“Go away! I hate you!” Sam called back.

I tried the doorknob and found it unlocked.

I went inside and saw Sam lying face down on her bed.

“Sam, I’m sorry.” I started.

“Sorry for what?” Sam spun around spitting fire “Sorry for being a pervert who uses girls diapers? Sorry for leaving it in my room? What exactly are you sorry for?”

“Look,” I explained “Like I said the Goodnite wasn’t mine”

I knew I was taking a big leap, trusting my sister with what I was about to tell her.

“Please! Please, do not tell anyone this. It could get someone in a lot of trouble!”

“Yeah, you!” Sam said snidely.

“No I don’t care about me getting in trouble.. It’s my friend.” I replied.

“Yeah right, you have a ‘friend’ who left a wet diaper in my room!” Sam said incredulously.

“Really, she’s been having some problems and her mom is being really mean to her, like almost abusive” I hesitated to tell her who my friend was.

Sam seemed to have figured it out, “Wait, is this friend Jane?” she asked.

“Please! You can’t tell anyone!” I begged.

Sam’s attitude seemed to soften.

“I like Jane.” Sam admitted “She’s always been nice to me. So her mom is being mean to her?”

“Yeah, it’s really bad. She needed to get away from her mom for a while, that’s why she was over here.” I explained

“You know mom and dad would be really mad if they knew you had a girl spend the night!” Sam pointed out.

“Please don’t tell them Sam! Not for me, for Jane! It would make things so much worse for her!” I pleaded.

“Yeah, I wouldn’t want to get her in more trouble, it’s pretty messed up that her mom would be that mad at her just because she wets the bed.” Sam said sympathetically.

So she thought Jane was in trouble for being a bed wetter! Well that was partially true, so I just left it there.

“Thank you Sam, I really owe you!” I exclaimed

“Yeah you do! And I won’t forget” She replied.

“And I’m sorry you have to wear Goodnites for the week.” I said with genuine remorse.

“That won’t be too bad I guess. It’s just at bed time, though I wish I had them in the car trip on the way to Aunt Margaret’s!”

I remembered what mom had said earlier “What happened?” I asked.

Samantha blushed, “Well I guess I had too much to drink, and we were on the interstate and I kind of uhh.. peed my pants”

“Oh that sucks” I sympathized “I’ve been there before”

“Yeah, I noticed what you’ve been wearing lately” Sam commented “What’s up with that?”

“Oh!” I had forgotten she knew about my diapers, “I um, I was doing it for Jane. You know to make her feel better”

“That’s kind of weird Peter, you must really be crazy for that girl” Sam grinned.

She really knew all my secrets! Sisters must have secret powers!

“Yeah she’s pretty special, how did you know anyway?” I asked.

“It’s pretty obvious the way you look at her!” Sam replied.

“No,” I stammered “I mean how did you know about my.. you know?”

“Oh well I was umm…” Now my sister was the one at a loss for words “I was in your room looking for my.. umm.. hairbrush… and I uhh.. saw them under your bed. After that it was kind of… obvious you were uh.. wearing.”

“Why would your hairbrush be in my room?” I said pointedly “And why would you be looking under my bed? You were snooping weren’t you?!”

“Don’t get too mad Peter!” Sam reminded me “I am the one keeping your secret”

“Yeah thanks for that” I said genuinely, “And I really am sorry you got in trouble”

“It’s okay” Sam responded “I’m doing it for Jane anyway!”

“Well, thanks again” I said as I got up to go back to my room.

Sitting down to finish my book report my mind kept going back to my conversation with my sister. She had known about my diapers and hadn’t said anything. And it seemed she wasn’t going to rat out me and Jane either. Perhaps she really was growing up, even if she was still a pain in the butt!

For the next hour I buckled down and worked on my book report. I finished it, probably not my best work but at least it would get a passing grade. As I was putting away my things and starting to get ready for bed there was a knock on my door. Mom stuck her head in.

“Hey hon, you getting ready to go to sleep? You got school tomorrow.” She asked.

“Yeah, I just finished my book report. I’m headed to bed now” I yawned, “Goodnight!”

“I just wanted to tell you, because you probably are going to hear anyway, your sister is due for a punishment.” Mom explained “Like I said earlier, not for her accidents, but for lying. You know I don’t like spanking you kids, but I just can’t tolerate this lying!”

Oh my goodness! She was going to spank Samantha! I couldn’t remember the last time she spanked either one of us. And Sam didn’t even deserve it, I had to say something!

“Umm, look mom I don’t think you should… I mean you see… I mean the diapers.. the Goodnites.. they were umm…” I stammered over my words.

“What are you saying Peter?” Mom asked, confused.

“The Goodnite you found, it was…”

“It’s okay Peter” Sam interrupted me, I hadn’t even seen her come in.

“Peter is just trying to help me Mom, please don’t be mad at him” Sam said to our mother, then she turned to me “You can give me my Goodnites now Peter, thanks for hiding them for me.”

I stared at Sam dumbfounded. What was she doing?

“You mean you knew about this Peter?” Mom was clearly shocked.

So was I, “I umm… I…” I didn’t know what to say.

“He found out my secret and I made him promise not to tell.” Sam explained “I hid the Goodnites under his bed in case I had friends over. Please don’t be mad at Peter mom, he was just trying to help me out.”

“Well I’m not happy about this, but I guess I can see you were just trying to help your sister. It’s nice to see you two getting along.” Mom reasoned.

“So Samantha Noel, since you finally are admitting the truth, exactly how long has this been going on?” Mom asked.

“A couple of weeks I guess” Sam seemed to be making an actual guess “I’m sorry. I was just too embarrassed to tell you”

“A couple weeks? Oh, Sam I wish you would have told me!” Mom said emphatically, “I hate to do this but I think we’re looking at two weeks in Goodnites at bedtime, not just one. We need to make sure have this under control and it seems we have plenty on hand.”

“Yes mam” Sam said reluctantly, “Pete can you can give them to me now please.”

Still dumbfounded by what was going on I just sat there.

“You know my…. Goodnites” Sam said quietly.

“Oh!” I managed to get out and reached under my bed and pulled out the open pack of Goodnites.

“Thank you Peter” Sam almost whispered, taking the package from me.

I couldn’t believe Sam was going through with this. Did she know what was going to happen next?

“Sam” Mom spoke gently “The diapers are not a punishment. You aren’t in trouble for wetting your bed, but you lied to us Sam, to me and your father. We can’t have that, I hate to do this but..”

“I know,” Sam interrupted “I’m getting a spanking, I heard you telling Peter.”

I was beyond shocked. Sam was going to be willingly be spanked for something she didn’t do.

“Look Sam,” I started.

“Peter it’s okay” Same interrupted then turned to mom “Can we get this over with?”

“Very well” Mom said, almost sounding sorry about what she had to do “Let’s go to your room. Tell your brother goodnight.”

“Goodnight Pete” Sam said meekly.

“Goodnight Sam” I responded looking straight at her, ‘Thank you’ I tried to convey with my eyes. Sam just gave me a small smile.

Mom and Sam went across the hall and closed her door. Not willing, nor wanting to hear what was about to happen across the hall I retreated to the shower and turned on the hot water.

As stripped down and stepped into the hot, steaming water I considered what had just happened. My sister, who I had only ever seen as a self-centered brat, had just done one of the most unselfish things I had ever witnessed. My relationship with her changed that night, dramatically.

After finishing my shower and getting dressed I went across the hall and knocked quietly on Sam’s door.

“Sam?” I called gently, the door was ajar so I pushed it open and peeked inside.

Samantha was lying face down on her bed, head buried in her pillow.

“I’m okay Peter, just go away!” Samantha’s voice trembled, I could tell she was crying.

“Okay,” I said quietly, “If you want to talk later you can come over, I doubt I’ll be asleep for awhile.”

Sam didn’t respond, so I pulled her door shut quietly and went back to my room.

I remembered the purchases I had made earlier were still in my car so I snuck out to get them. Mom had gone into her room and closed the door, dad was asleep in front of the TV. It didn’t take a lot of effort to get back to my room with my packages.

I felt slightly bad about all this sneaking around, with Sam being punished and all, but I didn’t know what else to do. Coming clean to my parents would mean getting Jane in trouble and make Sam’s sacrifice meaningless. And if I tried to make it look like I was using diapers because I needed them who knows what would happen?

Two girls I knew had been made to wear diapers in the past week and I sort of had a hand in both. Now nothing about my sister wearing diapers turned me on in the least, after all she WAS my sister. Jane was a different story, I still felt bad she was being punished, and I hated what her mother was doing to her. But as memories of the weekend we had spent together came flooding back I was most definitely excited.

One thing I remembered for sure was Jane’s thick overnight diaper. I wondered how they felt. Opening the package I had purchased at the drug store I pulled one out. They were definitely thicker and larger than my regular diapers. Plus they had three tapes instead of just two and a plastic backing. I would have to be careful not to walk around the house in these, someone would definitely notice.

I had just taped one on with some difficulty (it had been nice having Jane to help me) when there was a knock on my door. I hurriedly pulled on some pajama pants and dove into bed.

“Come in” I called out.

Sam opened the door and peeked in.

“Hey Sam,” I tried to sound as upbeat as possible “You want to come talk for awhile?”

Sam walked over and sat quietly on the corner of my bed.

It occurred to me that this was the first time in years that she had been in my room that I wasn’t yelling at her to get out.

We both sat in silence for a moment, neither of us sure what to say.

Sam broke the silence “This is weird”

“Yeah, I don’t think we’ve talked like this in a long time” I replied.

“No I mean… I wearing the.. you know..” Sam pointed at her pajama pants “I’ve never worn one of these things before, it’s kind of weird.”

“You’ll get used to it” I reassured her “And since you don’t really wet, you’ll be out of them in no time. What did mom say, two weeks?”

“Yeah they’re not too bad I guess,” Sam reasoned “I just wish I could have avoided the other part”

I knew Sam was talking about the spanking she had just received.

“Yeah, I’m sorry you had to go through that. You don’t know how much I owe you.” I said with genuine remorse.

“Yeah, I’m sorry I had to go through that too! I haven’t gotten a spanking in years. I won’t do anything to get on mom’s bad side anytime soon!” Sam said emphatically.

“You didn’t really do anything this time!” I reminded her.

“Still it was a good reminder, I know I’ve kind if been a brat lately.” Sam stated.

“Nah, you’ve not been that bad” I lied, trying to make her feel better.

“Peter I KNOW how I’ve been acting. Truth is I probably deserved that spanking anyway, not for the reason mom thought, but I still probably had it coming to me.” Sam insisted.

“Well anyway, it was really great of you. I hope it wasn’t too bad” I said.

“It’s not an experience I want to repeat,” Samantha replied, “But to tell you the truth I don’t think mom’s heart was in it. She let me keep my panties on at least, I guess she thinks I’m too old to get it bare. And she didn’t really spank me that hard.”

This was getting a bit awkward; I didn’t really want to hear details about my sister’s spanking.

“So Jane’s mom is being really mean to her? Is she okay?” genuine concern echoed in Sam’s voice.

“She will be..” I assured her “But her mom is pretty crazy. She’s making her wear diapers all the time, not pull ups either, real diapers! And let’s just say Jane’s mom doesn’t think she’s too old for a bare bottom spanking”

“Oh my gosh!” Sam was clearly shocked “I had no idea! That’s horrible!”

“Yeah, that is why I’ve been wearing too. I told Jane as long as she had to wear diapers I would too, kind of share in her punishment you know.” I explained “Thanks for not telling mom and dad by the way”

“No problem,” Sam replied “I figured whatever reason you had them it was your business.”

Wow, Sam really was a lot more mature than I had given her credit for.

“So when you say you are wearing them for as long as Jane has to that means you wear them all the time?” Sam asked.

“Well, yeah I guess” I replied.

“And you’re wearing one right now?”

“Umm.. yeah..” I wasn’t sure where this was going.

“Can I see?” Sam pleaded.

“Oh gee Sam, I don’t know, that’s kind of weird.” I said uncertainly.

‘PLEASE Peter!” Sam begged “I mean I am wearing these things because of you, and you know what happened earlier. You owe me!”

She had a point, but this was still weird.

“Okay” I said reluctantly

I stood up out of bed, my new overnight diapers crinkled loudly.

Slowly I pulled my pajama pants down to my knees, revealing the bulky oversize undergarment.

“Holy crap those are huge!” Sam exclaimed “You wear those all the time?”

“No,” I explained “These are just for bed time. Well, it’s what Jane has to wear, so I am wearing the same thing.”

Mostly the truth I reasoned.

“Well I am glad I don’t have to wear anything like that!” Sam seemed almost amused “Wait, how do you take them off to go to the bathroom?”

Did I really want my sister to know that?

“I.. ummm… don’t” I said awkwardly.

“You don’t what?” Sam wasn’t following me.

Then she caught on, “You mean you don’t take them off? You ACTUALLY use them??” Sam almost shouted.

“Quiet down, I don’t want the whole neighborhood to know” I whisperd.

“Sorry! That’s just really crazy!” Sam said, lowering her voice “You know Jane is really lucky to have you, I don’t think many people would go that far just to make someone feel better.”

Our conversation had seemed to make Samantha feel better, she told me goodnight and went off to her room, definitely in higher spirits than she had entered.

As I drifted off to sleep I couldn’t think of how strange the events of today had been. 24 hours earlier I would not have dreamed of telling anyone my secret, much less Jane’s. I most definitely would not have thought I would be telling my sister. But after all we had been through, I trusted she would keep our secret. I just hoped Jane didn’t mind that I had shared it.

*020*2017-02-07 03:52

Chapter 34: My Sister, My Friend?

The next morning I woke up to find my diaper and gone from warm and comfy to cold and itchy. Moreover I had to go again! Wondering exactly how much these overnight diapers could take I laid down and released my bladder. My diaper instantly became warm again and I could feel it swelling immensely. Hoping I wasn’t going to have to do laundry again I gingerly felt my pajama pants and sheets. Dry! These diapers were amazing!

Getting out of bed I realized exactly how sodden my diaper was. The entire thing was soaked from front to back and hung precariously between my legs. Undoing the tapes I allowed the diaper to fall with a mighty plop onto the floor.

I turned on the shower and let the hot steamy water wash away my previous night’s sins.

I briefly considered putting on another night time diaper but decided it was too risky. I taped one of my normal diapers on instead, got dressed and went down to breakfast. It occurred to me that I was getting increasingly comfortable wearing in front of people.

Sitting down at the table I said good morning to my parents and poured myself a bowl of cereal. Sam had not yet appeared in the kitchen. A few minutes later she walked in, dressed and ready for school.

“Good morning sweetie! How did you sleep?” mom asked Sam.

“I slept fine, and I was dry if that’s what you mean!” Sam said sarcastically.

She sounded more like the sister I knew, perhaps what I witnessed last night was a freak occurrence.

“No sweetie, I just was telling you good morning! I wouldn’t embarrass you in front of your brother.” Mom explained.

“I’m sorry mom” Sam demurred “It’s just I’m not used to wearing these things. I guess I’m kind of cranky”

An apology! I guess Sam was changing after all.

“But I thought you had been wearing them for weeks?” Mom asked confused.

“Oh, yeah, I just mean I’m still not used to them!” Sam backtracked.

“Hey Sam! Would you like a ride to school today?” I tried to change the subject.

It worked, both Sam and my mom stared at me in awe.

“Ummm… Sure!” my sister said surprised.

“I can’t believe it!” mom exclaimed, “I have never seen you two get along like this. It’s fabulous!”

Sam grabbed a bagel and we headed out the door.

Sam had been a freshman and I a senior at the same school for almost a year, this was the first time we had ever shared a ride to school. The first few minutes were filled with an awkward silence.

Finally I spoke, “So how is everything?” I asked.

“Fine, I guess” Sam’s reply wasn’t curt, just short.

“And school’s going okay? Do you like high school?” I prompted, hoping the conversation didn’t sound too forced.

“Yeah, it’s pretty cool.” Sam said half-heartedly

“Sam, you got something on your mind?” I asked, it sure was different playing the roll of concerned big brother. But I really did care.

Sam sat quietly for a moment then blurted out, “It’s just I forgot I was supposed to have a sleep over at Jenny’s this weekend. I guess I can’t go now. All my friends would find out what I was wearing! I would be humiliated! I mean I have to be the only girl in my grade wearing these baby things!”

“Sam, they’re not really for babies” I pointed out “They are made for big kids, you’ve seen the package.”

“Big kids sure!” Sam replied “But high schoolers? Do you seriously think any of the other girls at our school wear Goodnites?”

“You’d be surprised” I told her, “You already know Jane does and I was reading recently that 1 in 25 high school students still wets the bed. There are what, 1,600 students at our school? That’s like sixty-four bed-wetters! Besides you don’t really need them, remember?”

“Yeah, that’s true” Sam reasoned “Still I would just DIE if any of my friends found out!”

“Well like I said, you don’t actually need them right?” I offered “Why don’t you just ditch them before the sleepover?”

“I don’t think I could.” Sam responded, “You know mom will make sure I put them in my bag. If she drops me off at the party I won’t have much time to get rid of them. Besides she and Jenny’s mom are real close, she’d probably tell her about my little ‘problem’ thinking she was being helpful and what not”

“You’ve got a point” I admitted “It’s up to you. Thanks again for doing this, sorry your plans got messed up”

“It’s okay” Sam said almost believably, “There will be plenty more sleepovers”

Sam sat quietly for a few minutes.

“Sixty-four bed-wetters?” She sounded amused “Ever think about who they are? I mean wouldn’t it be a kick if Madison G. was one of them?”

Madison G. was head cheerleader and a world class ‘B’ as Jane would say. Sam, like many girls at our school, did not care for her.

“I hadn’t really ever thought about it” I admitted.

“Don’t you think it would be fun to find out?” Sam asked.

“And how do you propose to do that?” I asked

“I dunno” Sam said casually, “It was just an idea”

By that time we were pulling into the school parking lot.

“Have a good day Sam!” I called out as Sam exited the car.

“You too!” she shouted back, hurrying to join a group of her friends.

I grabbed my backpack and set off to find Jane.

Chapter 35: Our Duo becomes a Trio

“You told who??”

“I told Sam, I had to” I told Jane for a second time.

“Oh Peter how could you!” Jane cried “The whole school is going to know now! Did you tell her everything??”

“Mostly, well not really” I continued “She thinks your mom is making you wear diapers because you wet the bed and that I am wearing them to make you feel better. I didn’t tell her about all that other stuff. You know like what we did this weekend.”

“Oh that’s so much better!” Jane said sarcastically “Now the whole school is just going to know I am a diaper wearing bed-wetter! How could you Peter, she’s going to tell everyone!”

“I don’t think she’s going to be spreading any rumors.” I said trying to calm Jane down “You see she’s wearing them too. Well, to bed at least.”

“What? You mean your sister has been wetting her bed also?” Jane asked bewildered.

“No, she hasn’t. You see the thing is you kind of left something in her room the other night..” I explained.

Jane turned as white as a ghost. “Oh no! The Goodnite!” Jane gasped.

“Yeah, the Goodnite,” I replied “Mom found it and thought Sam had been wetting the bed, Sam denied it but with no other obvious explanation Mom thought Sam was lying.”

Jane just closed her eyes “Oh no…” she lamented.

“So Sam obviously knew the Goodnite wasn’t hers and I knew the Goodnite wasn’t hers, but Mom didn’t know that.” I continued.

“I thought about letting Sam just take the fall for it, but despite everything she is my sister. I thought about saying it was mine but that would bring up a host of questions; why was I wearing diapers? Why GIRLS diapers? Why was I in my sister’s room? I have a feeling mom wouldn’t buy it. Besides, girls wet in a different… way… than boys” I went on.

“I know the difference in girls and boys” Jane pointed out.

“Anyway,” my explanation continued “I figured if mom figured out that the diapers weren’t mine the finger might somehow get pointed at you. I didn’t want that so I decided my only chance, our only chance was to tell Sam the truth, well at least part of the truth, and hope for the best.”

“Well what happened?” Jane asked, sounding slightly less annoyed.

“Well I told you, Sam’s wearing Goodnites” I replied “She totally took the blame for everything. She has to wear them to bed for two weeks, it’s kind of a rule in our house. But that’s not all, since mom thinks Sam has been lying about it she…well… ‘punished’ her last night.”

Jane gasped “You don’t mean…”

“Yeah, she got a spanking. Not as bad as yours mind you, but still…” I said

“Wow!” Jane exclaimed “I can’t believe your sister would do that, I always thought she was kind of a…”

“Brat?” I interjected “Yeah, I was really surprised too, it seems like she grew up overnight”

“Well I’m just blown away” Jane admitted “We need to do something really nice for her.”

“That’s probably a good idea. Why don’t we stake her out for ice cream this afternoon?” I suggested

“That sounds great!” Jane replied as the final warning bell rang, another dreary Monday had begun.

The events of the day were fairly mundane. Somewhere between Geometry and American Lit I wet my diaper and slipped into the bathroom to change. It occurred to me how commonplace this routine was becoming. I hoped that I wasn’t causing trouble for myself down the road.

On my way to class I bumped into Sam in the hall.

“Hey Sam you want a ride after school” I asked, remembering what Jane had said.

“Yeah, I guess…” Sam seemed taken aback by my offer.

“Jane and I were going to get ice cream, you could go with us, my treat.” I said casually.

“Well sure!” Sam exclaimed “See you later then!”

After school Sam, Jane and I met up and headed out to the parking lot.

“Can we stop by my house first?” Jane asked , “I need to get something.”

“Sure” I said casually “What do you need?”

Jane gave me a look, “You know I need a…”

“A diaper?” Sam chimed in.

“Yeah… uhmm… that” Jane blushed furiously.

“Sorry!” Sam quickly apologized “Sometimes I speak without thinking, it’s a problem I have.”

“It’s okay, actually it will be nice to have another girl I can talk about all… this” Jane admitted.

We pulled up in front of Jane’s house and she ran inside. It didn’t take long for her to return.

“Thanks!” She said as she hopped back in the car “I can’t believe I went off to school without my bag this morning. I’ve been wet since third period. This is much better!”

Apparently Jane didn’t mind talking about her diapers in front of Sam anymore.

“Just as well” Jane continued “I still haven’t gotten the hang of changing myself at school. There just isn’t enough privacy!”

“You could use the bathroom down in the basement by the shop class” Sam offered “It’s the one person kind and you can lock the door.”

“Thanks Sam!” Jane replied “I hadn’t thought about that. That would be better, every time I go into the bathroom I just know I’m going to get caught! I really don’t want to be known as the only high school girl who wears diapers”

“I wouldn’t be so sure” Sam said casually.

“Sure about what?” Jane asked puzzled “Why would I want anyone to know?”

“No, I mean about being the only one” Sam explained “I found two!”

“You found two…” Jane was clearly confused “Two what?”

“Two other people with our little problem” Sam said making air quotes around ‘little problem’.

“First of all you don’t have a ‘little problem’ Sam” I pointed out “You don’t really wet the bed, remember”

“True” Sam admitted “But I’m just trying to point to out we’re not alone!”

“Second” I continued despite Sam’s continued use of the pronoun we, “How do you know that ‘we’ are not alone”

“Well I got to thinking about what you told me” Sam explained “You know about 1 in 25 high school students being bed-wetters and that there are 64 bed-wetters at our school.”

I told Jane about the book I was reading at the library and how I had mentioned it to Samantha.

“So anyway” Sam kept going “I thought it would be kind of fun to try and figure out who the others were so I started nosing around and I already found two!”

“How exactly did you do that” I asked “Did they just come out and admit it?”

“Well you know that girl Melonie? You know she’s kind of quiet and keeps to herself?” Sam asked.

“Yeah, I guess… She’s in your grade right?” I answered.

“That’s right” Samantha continued “I sit next to her in Science and one day earlier in the year I noticed she smelled like pee. I didn’t think much of it really, just thought maybe she didn’t bathe herself well or something”

“So what does that prove?” I retorted

“Nothing really” Sam explained “But I was thinking, maybe there was a reason she smelled like that, you know. So I took a chance, today in class I acted all depressed. She really is a nice girl you see, so she wanted to know what was wrong. I asked her if she could keep a secret and then told her that I had wet my bed last night and was really embarrassed about it.”

“Why would you do that?” I exclaimed “She could tell the whole school!”

“But I figured she wouldn’t, she’s just not that kind of person” Sam babbled on “And I was right! Not about her not telling, though she wouldn’t do that either.”

“Sam you’re rambling!” I pointed out

“Oh sorry!” Sam apologized “So anyway, she told me I shouldn’t worry, that it happens to a lot more people than I think. Then she told me that sometimes she still wets her bed too!”

“I can’t believe she just up and told you!” Jane said surprised.

“That’s not all” Sam added “She said she had a story that would make me really feel better.”

“You know the four Brittneys?” Sam asked

The four Brittneys were the notorious mean girls and the biggest clique in the school. You either loved them or despised them and the sentiments seemed equal.

“Well Melonie told me they invited her to a sleepover” Sam continued “She said looking back on it she wasn’t sure why she went. I guess she just wanted to be popular. So anyway, she said as they were all getting ready for bed someone found a Goodnite on the floor. She said her heart stopped because she thought it was hers. But then she looked in her bag and her Goodnite was still in there. So you know what that means right?”

“I have a feeling you’re going to tell us.” I replied.

“It means it belonged to someone else! One of the Brittanys! You wanna know which one?” Sam asked cheerily.

“Not particularly” I tried to sound bored, though I actually found the thought of even more girls at my school being bedwetters highly intriguing.

Fortunately my sister ignored me as always, “It was Brittany M! She started crying and said they were hers and that her mom had made her bring them even though she didn’t want to. Of course since she’s a Brittney all the other Brittneys were nice to her and said they wouldn’t tell. They even threatened poor Mel that they’d say it was hers if she told anyone. Of course they never found out that Mel was a bed wetter too, I doubt they would be as nice about it to her. ”

“Honestly Sam, it doesn’t really matter!” I did my best to sound annoyed “It’s their business you really shouldn’t be snooping in it!”

Over ice cream Jane and Sam rattled on and on about a host of different subjects, most not diaper related. Though I felt a little left out I was glad Jane had found another girl she could be friends with. As we finished up Sam mentioned how disappointed she was that she had to miss her sleepover that weekend.

“I have an idea!” Jane exclaimed “You could come over to my house. I haven’t had a girly sleepover in a long time!”

“Won’t your mom mind?” Sam asked. “I thought you said she was kind of… crazy?”

“She’s not ALWAYS that bad” Jane admitted “She’ll say I still have to wear my diapers of course. It might help if I tell her you wear too, that is if you don’t mind.”

“I guess not.” Sam said just a bit reluctantly “It does sound like fun!”

“Great!” Jane said with a big smile “It’s a date!”

My world has become so strange.

The week passed pretty much as normal as any other. Well, normal that is for a diaper wearing high schooler and his diaper wearing girlfriend and sister. Jane and Sam were spending a lot more time together. Which of course meant less time for Jane and I to spend alone. I didn’t resent my sister too much. I couldn’t forget what she had done for me and I was glad that Jane had a new friend.

Jane’s diaper punishment ended Friday morning. She was allowed her Goodnites again, except bed. It seems her bedwetting was becoming a legitimate problem and she and her mom both agreed that diapers were best to handle her night time wettings.

As for me I decided to stick with the diapers. Goodnites were too small for me and I didn’t have the money to spend on any kind of pull-ups. The idea was that now Jane was allowed to use the toilet again I could also take my diapers off when I needed to go. I didn’t tell Jane yet that I was still using them. Actually I was wetting now, without much thought or effort I knew that should concern me but I was having too much fun to care.

As for Sam she continued wearing her bedtime Goodnites without complaint. Seeing how she wasn’t really a bed wetter she stayed dry, of course. That is until Saturday morning.

Chapter 36:About Sam

I woke up to find my own diaper wet, I thought I remembered waking up in the middle of the night and wetting it but I wasn’t entirely sure. I was contemplating if what I remembered was real or a dream when I heard voices from Sam’s room.

“Oh dear Sam,” my mom sounded concerned “You were doing so well”

“Sorry Mom” Sam’s voice trembled “I don’t know what happened. It was an accident, I promise I won’t do it again!”

What had happened? What was an accident? Was Sam in trouble for something? I hope we hadn’t been found out!

“Well you can’t exactly promise that now can you?” Mom didn’t sound stern, rather just concerned “That’s why they’re called accidents. I’m not mad sweetheart, I know you can’t help it. But are you sure you want to go to this sleepover tonight? Perhaps you should wait until we’ve got this cleared up?”

Oh my goodness, had Sam actually wet her bed? That’s what it sounded like.

“No mom, I’ll go” Sam sounded sad, almost despondent “I told you Jane understands about my problem. Besides it probably won’t happen again, I really thought I was past this…”

“Alright Sam, it’s your choice.” Mom replied “And perhaps you’re right, about it not happening again that is. But you know this means another week of Goodnites.”

“Yes mam” Sam said meekly.

I waited for Mom to leave the room and walk down the hall. I wasn’t sure what to do. Should I go over and comfort Sam? She sounded so sad! Or perhaps she just wanted to be left alone.

I walked across the hallway and knocked quietly on the door.

“Come in” my sister called form behind the door.

I opened the door and peeked in.

“Oh hi Peter! C’mon in!” Sam exclaimed. She was fluttering around her room packing her overnight bag.

She certainly didn’t sound depressed!

“Umm.. I was just making sure you were okay” I said confused.

“I’m great!” Sam bubbled “I just can’t wait for the sleepover tonight! Jane and I are going to have so much fun! We’ve got all kinds of stuff planned!”

“Uhh… but..” I started

“Don’t worry!” Sam interjected “We won’t talk about you…. much!”

“No that’s not it” I explained “It’s just… well I heard you and mom talking and it ummm…. it sounded like you had an accident or something”

“Oh that!” Sam rattled on, “You know I got to thinking. If I’m supposed to have been wetting my bed for the past couple weeks it would be kind of strange if I just suddenly stopped you know?”

“Well, I guess so, I hadn’t really thought of that.” I admitted.

“Neither had I till I woke up this morning” Sam continued to chatter “So I decided maybe our story would be more believable if I had one more accident. I laid there forever trying to go and I just couldn’t do it! So do ya know what I did? I snuck into the bathroom and sat on the toilet with my Goodnite on and I peed! It was crazy! I’ve never done that! It felt really weird! Not gross, just weird! After that I snuck back in bed and pretended like I was just waking up!”

Sam sounded almost proud of her ‘accident’.

“But that means you’ll have to wear them for another week!” I pointed out.

“I know,” Sam brushed it off “But they’re not too bad, really. I don’t mind. Sorry, I know I’m talking a lot, I’m just so EXCITED!”

Sam grabbed four or five Goodnites from the pack and tossed them in her bag. How many nights did she think she was packing for? It was just the one!

“Well I’ll let you get to your packing” I said, realizing I still needed to change my own wet diaper.

The plan was for Jane and I to spend the afternoon together and then pick up my sister for dinner. After that I would leave them alone for some ‘girl time’. Sam had her bags packed before lunch. Mom of course felt obliged to make sure she had packed ‘everything’ she needed. Sam did an excellent job at pretending to be embarrassed while unzipping her bag to show mom the two Goodnites she packed inside.

“We’ll be back to get you round five” I called to Sam as I headed out the door. She was slumped in a chair watching some mindless cartoon.

“K” Sam said casually.

“You guys have actually been treating each other like humans lately.” Mom commented “What brought this on?”

“I don’t know Mom, I guess we’re just growing up.” I said nonchalantly.

“Well whatever the reason it sure it nice” Mom smiled.

“Sure thing! Well, bye!” I said over my shoulder as I headed to the car.

I wonder what she would say if she knew her grown up son had been wearing diapers 24/7 for the past two weeks.

Chapter 37: A Walk in the Woods

I pulled up in front of Jane’s house and she ran out and hopped into my car. She leaned over and gave me a quick kiss. I kissed her back, much harder, much longer.

“Careful Peter! If mom sees you she might spank your naughty little bottom!” Jane teased.

“I should never have told you about that dream!” I groaned.

“Still it might be kind of fun to see your butt getting spanked!” Jane said with a sly smile.

“So what do you want to do today?” I asked.

“Let’s go somewhere quiet!” Jane gave me a mischievous grin.

Holy crap! She was in a mood, this could be fun!

I drove my car up to an old fire road that was rarely traveled. Tails led off from the sides into the woods. After parking off to the side of the road I grabbed an old blanket from the truck. Jane threw her bag she carried with her over her shoulder and we headed up one of the trails hand in hand.

We walked through the woods in silence, just enjoying each other’s company. I couldn’t help but notice that Jane seem distracted. After walking a short distance we came to a clearing.

Jane turned to me “Let’s stop here Peter” She pleaded “I can’t go on much further”

“Okay” I said spreading out the blanket “We haven’t gone that far. You tired already?”

“Not tired” Jane said shyly “Just uncomfortable. I’m wet. Will you help me change?”

I had no idea why Jane would want help changing a Goodnite. Besides why hadn’t she just peed before we left or taken it off and gone behind a tree?

I soon had my answer. Jane laid down on the blanket and pulled her shirt up to midriff, exposing her belly and something else. Sticking out the top of her jeans was not the waistband of a Goodnite, but the same tape on diapers Jane had been restricted to all week.

“Why are you wearing a diaper?” I asked “I thought you got your Goodnites back.”

“I did” Jane hesitated “But these are better aren’t they?”

I wasn’t sure how to reply. Did she mean did I like them better? Actually, I did.

I didn’t have time to formulate an answer.

“I mean they work better,” Jane clarified “I guess a week in diapers kind of has my bladder, shall we say, confused? I made it through school thank goodness, but yesterday evening I was standing in the kitchen helping mom with dinner and I just kind of…went. I didn’t even realize I was peeing until it was running down my legs. I guess the Goodnite just couldn’t hold it all.”

“Oh no!” I gasped “What did you mom do? Was she mad?”

“Surprisingly she wasn’t” Jane exclaimed “I was shocked really, I thought I was done for! I thought I was getting another spanking for sure! But she just kind of hugged me and said we would work it out!”

“But the diaper” I pointed out “Did she make you wear them again? How long for this time?”

“Actually ummm…” Jane hesitated “I chose to wear them. I mean it’s better than having the Goodnites leak all over the place. You don’t think that’s bad of me do you?”

“No,” I reassured her “You do whatever is most comfortable for you. I love you no matter what you’re wearing!”

“That’s sweet Peter”Jane smiled “But I’m not very comfortable at all right now! Can you help me please?”

“Of course, my love” I whispered as I unsnapped her jeans and slid them down to her knees.

“I was hoping you’d say that!” Jane pulled me towards her for a passionate kiss.

I gazed momentarily at Jane’s sodden diaper and then undid the tapes. Jane lifted her bottom so I could slide the diaper out from under her. I took a baby wipe and gently started to clean her private areas. It was then I noticed hair starting to return where she had previously been shaved bare.

As if reading my mind Jane commented “You know, when mom made me shave… down there… she did it to embarrass me. But I really was better for cleaning up. And now it’s all itchy! I thought I might just keep it shaved. What do you think?”

“Whatever’s best for you” I said dismissively, all the while thinking ‘yes please!’.

I put the wipes away and pulled out the lotion. I applied a small amount to my hand and started rubbing it between Jane’s legs as I had done many times before. I was careful around the sensitive areas though I did allow my fingers to stray a bit.

Jane closed her eyes, “More!” she whispered.

“More lotion?” I asked.

“Just more!” Jane exclaimed grabbing my hand and thrusting it toward her crotch.

Getting the idea I started rubbing, allowing my fingers to slip deeper and deeper inside of her. Jane arched her back and let out a soft moan.

This was my first time going this far with Jane or any girl I was pretty sure it was hers as well.

We kissed passionately as I continued allowing my fingers to explore her womanhood. Suddenly she thrust her had down the front of my diaper, feeling my ‘excitement’. My diaper was dry but she undid the tapes anyway, stroking me furiously. I had never felt such immense pleasure in all my life. I was about to wet my diaper in a whole new way and from the feel of it Jane was getting very wet too. She arched her back and let out a long moan. My hand was wet and was suddenly getting wetter, a lot wetter! I realized with shock that Jane was peeing on me! She realized it too and pulled away.

“Oh no Peter! I’m so sorry!” she gasped, she couldn’t stop peeing and was thoroughly wetting the blanket beneath her.

I couldn’t respond, not because I was shocked or angry but because I was just too aroused. Not knowing what else to do I grabbed her hand and thrust it back over my crotch just as I exploded. Jane’s eyes got wide with surprise and then she smiled and kissed me again. I used my diaper to clean myself up a bit and Jane moved to a dry spot on the blanket. For the longest time we just laid there, naked from the waist down, holding each other.

*024*2017-02-17 03:54

Chapter 38: The Slumber Party

It could have been hours or just five minutes, I’m not really certain. Time seemed to stand still as I lay on there on the blanket with Jane. But all too soon it was time for us to get going. I helped Jane into a new diaper and she changed me. We gathered up our things and headed back to the car. I stuffed the wet blanket into my trunk making a note to wash it later.

Sam must have been watching out the window, as soon as we pulled into the driveway she came bolting out the door.

“Hi Jane!” Sam exclaimed “I’m so excited! I just can’t wait!”

“So what kind of plans do ya’ll have? Bunch of girl stuff I suppose?” I enquired.

“Of course!” Jane said sarcastically “We’re going to paint each other’s toenails, braid each other’s hair, we’ll probably have a pillow fight, in our sexiest lingerie of course!”

“Only problem with that is your sexiest lingerie is a diaper!” I shot back. Of course there was some truth to that.

“Watch it!” Jane warned “Or you won’t be seeing any of mine any time soon!”

Realizing that was probably a bit too much in front of my sister she quickly added “So Sam, you wanna watch a movie or something”

“Sure sounds great!” Sam seemed oblivious to what just happened.

Oh well, I’m sure they’d be gossiping about me in a few hours anyway. I hoped Jane didn’t tell Sam too much and I hoped Sam didn’t tell Jane too much either! There were still some secrets from my past I wasn’t keen on Jane knowing just yet.

We pulled up in front of Jane’s house and the girl’s hopped out.

“You girls have fun now” I told them “Don’t get too wild”

“Yes dad!” Sam replied sarcastically.

I gave Jane a quick kiss before they went into the house and I drove off.

Nothing particularly interesting happened that evening. I hung out in my room most of the night. I browsed youtube videos on my laptop and basically goofed off. I wet my diaper a couple times and changed myself. Around 8 PM I felt the need to do something else. I decided not to fight it this time and just let go. It was much less awkward than the library and cleanup was much easier. I simply hopped into the shower and washed myself off. Deciding it was close enough to bed time I put on one of my night time diapers. As I laid in bed watching TV I wondered what the girls were up to. Perhaps the lingerie pillow fight had already begun.

I woke up the next morning to a soaked diaper. I definitely did not remember waking up to go. I hadn’t considered myself a bed wetter since I was 14 but I guess that had changed. I supposed I should do something about it, college was coming up in a few short months and I really didn’t want to be known as the bedwetting freshman. If I knew what was good for me I would get out of bed, put on a pair of boxers and start using the bathroom like a normal 18 year old. That’s what I should do. But I wasn’t ready for the fun to end. I guess you could say I had a problem. Oh well, I still had four months, still plenty of time to get myself sorted out before college.

After disposing of my wet diaper and taking a shower it didn’t take me long to discover a whole new problem. I reached under my bed for a new diaper and found the package was empty! I had completely blown through my supply. Perhaps this should have been a sign that it was time to take a break, have a day in big boy pants and use the bathroom like an adult. But like I said I wasn’t ready for the fun to end. So instead I grabbed one of my night time diapers and taped it on. I chose one my baggier pairs of jeans and a oversize t-shirt to conceal the extra bulk. It felt strange walking around in the larger, puffier diaper and I hoped I didn’t look as conspicuous as I felt.

I headed over to Jane’s house to pick up Sam. We had a family dinner later that afternoon and mom had made it clear she wanted us both home, showered and dressed by 1:00 so we wouldn’t have much time to hang out, I just hoped the girls had had a good time.

Jane invited me in telling me her mom had just left for church. Both girls were still in their pj’s and hanging out in the living room watching TV.

As I walked into the living room Sam burst into a fit of giggling.

“What are you wearing?” she asked between fits of laughter. Jane seemed to find something funny too and was as well.

“What?” I asked, thinking my night time diaper must be more obvious than I thought.

“I’ve never seen you wear those jeans before!” Sam exclaimed “They’re kind of goofy!”

Jane and Sam burst into another fit of laughter. They were obviously sleep deprived. I’m sure they had stayed up all night talking, probably about me.

“C’mon Peter” Jane teased “You’re not exactly the king of fashion!”

Yep, I was the primary topic I’m sure. I just hoped Jane hadn’t said too much, after all Sam was my sister.

I sat down in the living room to watch TV with the girls. It didn’t take me long to realize I wasn’t the only one wearing something strange.

“Ummm.. Sam?” I said pointedly “What are YOU wearing?”

Sticking out from the back of Sam’s pajamas was something that wasn’t underwear and wasn’t a Goodnite. It was something I was more used to seeing on Jane.

“Are you wearing an actual diaper?” I asked shocked.

Sam blushed and quickly pulled her pajama top down.

“I umm….” Sam stuttered.

“She was just trying to make me feel better!” Jane interjected.

“Oh, okay…” I conceded, not particularly buying the explanation.

“Actually” Sam confessed “That’s not entirely true. I uhh… I had a little accident, well a big one really. I drank a lot of soda last night, I mean A LOT of soda. Well Jane said something really funny that… um, a boy at school did, and I kind of laughed too hard and well… Fortunately I had already put my Goodnite on so I didn’t ruin the carpet or anything. Jane was nice enough to give me one of her diapers since mine was soaked.”

Several issues arose from this story. First off I was pretty sure I knew the ‘boy at school’ was me. Secondly, I had seen Sam pack three Goodnites, why wouldn’t she just put one of those on. For that matter she doesn’t even need them, she could have just gone without!

I didn’t want to embarrass Sam so I let her story slide. She probably didn’t realize I saw her pack the Goodnites. Besides I wasn’t in any position to judge.

“We better get going Sam!” I reminded her “We have dinner with grandma and mom doesn’t want us to be late”

“Right” Sam replied “Let me just get dressed and grab my stuff.”

She hurried off up the stairs towards Jane’s room.

“Hey won’t your mom be mad that you’re missing a diaper?” I asked Jane.

“No, she’s not really keeping track anymore. She hasn’t for the last few days. I guess I’ve been wetting so much you know, she didn’t see the need.” Jane explained “She’s been kind of nice actually, ever since my Goodnite leaked, she’s been a whole different person. I can’t believe but I think she might actually feel bad about what she’s made me do!”

“Well wouldn’t that be something!” I agreed.

“So did you girls have fun last night? What did you talk about?” I asked.

“Wouldn’t you like to know” Jane teased. She leaned in to give me a kiss. As she did she placed her hand right on my crotch.

“What are you wearing?” She looked puzzled

“Now don’t start that again!” I shot back.

“Not your clothes silly! I mean under your clothes!” Jane said slyly

“You know what I’m wearing!” I played dumb

“Yeah, but those aren’t your normal ones are they, they’re too thick!” Jane exclaimed.

Without warning Jane unsnapped and unzipped my pants.

“Peter! Those are night time diapers! Why on earth do you have those on?” I couldn’t tell if she was shocked or excited.

“Well.. I umm bought some after I saw yours last weekend. I figured if that’s what you wore to bed so would I”. My explanation wasn’t the entire truth, but I still hadn’t brought myself to tell Jane I actually enjoyed wearing diapers.

“So anyway” I continued “I was out of my regular diapers this morning so I just put one of these on.”

“Well it sounds like someone’s being naughty!” Jane purred leaning into me “Perhaps I should give you a little spanking”

“I’d like to see you try!” I retorted, pulling Jane closer and allowing her to massage the front of my exposed diaper.

Footsteps coming down the stairs reminded us we were not alone. I quickly set up and fastened my pants, Jane jumped like something but her.

“Really guys, get a room!” Sam said jokingly, adding “I think you were right Jane!”

Both girls exchanged a mischievous grin.

“What??” I asked feeling left out.

“Oh nothing” Jane replied. Whatever secret they had was definitely about me.

“Ready to go Sam?” I asked.

“Yep! Sure am!” Sam slung her overnight bag over her shoulder. She was dressed and ready to go. For a minute I wondered if she had kept the diaper on under her clothes. Surely she wouldn’t have. But she seemed to be walking differently as she went out the door.

Chapter 39: To Grandma’s House We Go (And Home Again)

Our family dinner was uneventful to say the least. It was a bit awkward wearing a diaper in front of my grandma and all my cousins. Of course none of them knew I was wearing. If Sam had kept her diaper on this morning I suspected she had dumped it somewhere before we got to Grandma’s. She spent the afternoon running around outside and riding bikes with the cousins. There was no way she would risk getting caught by one of them. After a while we said our goodbyes and headed home. Grandma lived about an hour away from our house.

We had only been in the car for 15 minutes when Sam piped up “Hey mom? Can we stop somewhere? I gotta go to the bathroom.”

“Why didn’t you go before we left?” Mom sounded slightly annoyed.

“I dunno, guess I didn’t have to go then!” Sam’s attitude was showing.

“Well, there’s an exit coming up in about 10 minutes, I guess we can stop there.” Mom replied

“K”, was Sam’s only response. 8 minutes down the road traffic came to a dead stop.

Sam didn’t say anything. She just sat there with her hand clamped between her thighs bouncing up and down in her seat. After we sat there for another half hour she stopped bouncing, after another 10 minutes she had moved her hand. 5 minutes after that traffic started to move.

“Here comes the exit” Mom pointed out “Do you need to stop Samantha?”

Her answer surprised me “Nah, I’m okay!”

Mom must have been thinking the same thing as me, “You didn’t have an accident did you?” she asked Sam.

“No mom!” Sam sounded mortified that she would even ask.

Still I had seen her doing her little pee dance not more than 10 minutes ago. What HAD happened?

I hate to admit that I looked at my sister’s butt, but I did. I promise it was out of curiosity, not any kind of perversion. But as she climbed out of the car the back of her jeans were completely dry. The seat was too. Maybe she didn’t have to go after all.

The mystery was soon solved however when I went into our shared bathroom. There in the trashcan was a balled up, wet Goodnite. She must have been wearing it the whole time!

I grabbed the bag from the can and tied a knot in it. Knocking on Sam’s door I held up the bag.

“You might want to be a bit more careful” I advised her “If mom had found this you’d have some questions to answer.”

“I can explain…” Sam started.

“Look, you don’t have to. Just be more careful okay?” I repeated.

“Thanks Pete” Sam replied.

I took the bag down to the outside trashcan and buried it under the other trash, just as I had done with my own many times.

I went back inside and dialed Jane.

“How was your grandma’s” Jane asked.

“Fine” I answered “But the strangest thing happened on the way back home.”

“I bet it’s not as strange as what’s going on here!” Jane rebutted.

“Why? What happened?” I asked, Jane sounded a bit annoyed or angry, I wasn’t really sure.

“My mom that’s what!” Jane exclaimed.

So angry it was! That truce lasted all of a half day.

“I thought your mom was being nice now?” I asked.

“Yeah, I thought so too! But guess what she came home with this afternoon?” Jane was really getting worked up.

“More diapers?” I ventured a guess. What else could it be?

“A potty! A little pink plastic princess potty!” Jane cried “I’m in potty training Peter!”

Chapter 40: The Pink Princess Potty

At school the next day Jane filled me in on the details of her new ‘situation’. It seems her mom showed up Sunday afternoon with a child’s potty chair. She placed it in the living room and announced that Jane was going to have to go through potty training again, since (according to Jane’s mom) it obviously never took hold in the first place.

I told Jane that was nonsense and she wouldn’t be having all these issues if her mom hadn’t made her wear these diapers in the first place. Jane agreed but said at this point there was no point arguing, it would just mean another spanking, or worse.

So Jane agreed to the terms of her ‘training’. When she is at home she has to go and sit on the potty every hour. The potty was to remain in the living room so her mom could keep up with her ‘progress’. If she has an accident she has to sit on the potty for an hour and then has to go to the potty every 30 minutes after that until she has gone a whole day without accidents. Jane will continue to wear diapers to school, to avoid the chance of ‘embarrassing leaks’. She will also wear a diaper to bed. At all other times she would wear Goodnites.

The plan was crazy to say the least. I thought that her mom had gone too far this time, perhaps it was time Jane moved out. Perhaps if we told my parents everything that was going on she could come live with us. Jane however seemed to feel differently.

“As messed up as all this is, I’m kind of hoping it will help.” Jane confessed “To tell you the truth I hardly have any control at all lately. Most of the time when I’m wet I don’t even remember going.”

I had to admit I knew what she was talking about. Several times recently I had found myself going before I even felt the urge and the last few mornings I woke up wet with no recollection of waking in the middle of the night to pee. Perhaps it was time for me to start retraining my bladder as well.

“Still it sucks, I’m sorry you have to go through this, your mom really is crazy.” I sympathized.

“Yeah, she’s a real ‘B’!” Jane agreed.

The day sped by without much incident. Sam had to stay after school for some club so Jane and I had the afternoon to ourselves. One thing had been on my mind all day, and as wrong as I knew it was, I was hoping to see it. Turns out I didn’t have to wait long.

In the car on the way to Jane’s house I noticed she kept fidgeting and shifting about in her seat. She looked like she had to go to the bathroom, which was something I hadn’t seen in a while. She had on a diaper after all. We had both become so accompanied to just going when and where we needed that Jane’s apparent desperation seemed out of place.

“Umm Peter? Can we hurry up a bit?” Jane asked with a note of concern in her voice.

“Sure. You okay?” I asked, knowing the answer.

“It’s just I REALLY got to pee, I’ve kept this stupid diaper dry all day and I can’t wet it now!” Jane was starting to sound panicky.

We got to her house and I barely had the car in park before Jane tore out of the car and toward the front door. She fumbled with her purse and the contents scattered across the front porch.

“Peter help!” Jane pleaded as she doubled over, her hands between her legs.

I quickly located the keys and undid the lock. Jane bolted past me into the house.

Deciding to be the gentleman I picked up Jane’s purse and gathered its spilled contents.

I walked into the house, hearing noise from the living room I headed in that direction.

I was greeted with the sight of Jane sitting on a pink potty seat, her pants and diaper hastily discarded across the room.

“Wow you really had to go!” I commented, I could hear a torrent of pee splattering against the plastic pot. Jane finished and a happy little musical tune suddenly came from the potty.

“I can’t believe she actually put the batteries in it!” Jane blushed.

“I can’t believe you held it all day!” I replied “Surely your mom doesn’t expect you to stay dry all day if she has you in diapers?”

“That’s the point, she doesn’t expect it!” Jane explained “But maybe if I can keep them dry I can finally be done with these stupid things!”

Hearing Jane call her diapers ‘stupid’ reminded me that she didn’t quite feel the same about them as I did. Of course she wanted to be free of them. For that matter perhaps it was time I retraining too. I really didn’t want to go off to college unable to control my basic bodily functions.

“Can you be sweet and get me a Goodnite? They’re in my room.” Jane asked, seeming to not care she was still sitting on a potty chair.

“Sure!” I said, heading up the stairs.

Perhaps it was time I started using the bathroom ‘normally’ again. Now was as good of time as any to start. I had forgotten to stop and buy a new package of my regular diapers yesterday and had resorted to wearing my night time ones again. So I might as well let that be a sign, I thought, I won’t buy any more. This diaper, would be my last. Well for the daytime at least, recent events gave me reason to think I might be a bit more cautious at night.

As I entered Jane’s room it was apparent I wasn’t the only one having issues at night. Her bed had been stripped and the plastic mattress cover I had felt on my previous visit was on plain view. I kew Jane was wearing diapers to bed, had she wet so much she had leaked? Perhaps it was just laundry day. But washing bedding seemed like something most people did on the weekend. Jane’s room also had a familiar smell. The smell of a room belonging to a bed wetter. I knew Jane probably found the smell an embarrassing reminder of her problem. I found the smell strangely arousing.

The bag of Goodnites was on the floor under her night stand, just as it had been before. This time however there were two more packages beside it. One was Jane’s regular day time diapers and another package of her thicker night time diapers. I grabbed a Goodnite and headed back downstairs.

Jane was still sitting on the potty. She saw me coming and reached for a box of tissues sitting nearby.

“Thanks Peter!” Jane said as she quickly wiped herself and dropped the tissue into the potty. She stood up and reached for the Goodnite. I was used to Jane being comfortable around me, but I still found it amusing she could stand there so nonchalantly naked from the waist down. No it wasn’t amusing it was downright hot is what it was.

Jane took the Goodnite and made no effort to retrieve her pants. I wasn’t going to remind her.

“So if your mom only expects you to use this when you’re at home” I pointed to the potty chair “then why go through all the discomfort of holding it all day?” I repeated my question from earlier. “It’s not like it would be have been the first diaper you wet.”

“That’s the point!” Jane exclaimed “I’m tired of sitting around in my own pee! As much as I hate my mom making me use this thing instead of the real toilet at least it’s a step in the right direction!”

Jane finally seemed to notice her half clothed state. She retrieved her pants from the floor and pulled them on over the Goodnite. I picked up the discarded diaper. It was indeed dry, but in Jane’s desperate attempt to remove it she had ripped the backing and torn off several of the tapes. This diaper was of no use anymore. I headed for the trashcan.

“Don’t do that!” Jane stopped me “I want to save it for mom to show her it’s dry”

Jane took the diaper from me and laid it beside the potty.

I was starting to feel the need to go myself. Unlike Jane I hadn’t tried to hold it all day, I had wet earlier and changed myself before lunch. I hadn’t been since then though and my need was suddenly growing.

I figured if I was going to start using the big boy toilet again I might as well get started, besides I had shared in all Jane’s other adventures.

“Mind if I take a turn?” I asked pointing to the potty.

“Actually I do” Jane said apologetically “It’s kind of gross but mom measures the amount of pee in the potty to see how I’m doing. If there’s too much in there she might get suspicious”

I should have figured her mom would pull something like that.

“Well maybe I’ll just duck into the bathroom then, besides I’d probably break that little potty chair” I hoped Jane didn’t mind me using the ‘big toilet’ when she wasn’t allowed.

“Well no you can’t…” Jane said regretfully “Mom padlocked all the bathroom doors to make sure I kept the potty in the living room.”

“So your only allowed to use it in here?” I asked “What if you have company?”

“Doesn’t matter” Jane explained “My grandma came by yesterday evening and I had to still sit on it once an hour even if I didn’t have to go. It was so embarrassing!”

“Wow that is embarrassing” I admitted, I wouldn’t even want to pee in a regular toilet in front of my grandma.

“The good news is I haven’t had an accident since this all started.” Jane said proudly.

I didn’t mention the state I had found her bed in.

“I suppose you could go out and water a tree in the backyard.” Jane suggested.

“I’ll just wait, I’ll be fine” I assured her. Thirty minutes later my diaper was soaked.

‘Oh well, one last time’ I told myself.
