The corn fie

Author: peepal1

*000*2023-10-30 06:07

*001*2023-10-30 06:36

The corn information booth was set up and going strong. The guy that ran it kept things in tip top shape, until one day.

There was a couple of very desperate girls headed his way, the bus had stopped nearby and moved away from the passing cows.

He was a strong man and on any other day would be glad to see the girls. They were with their boyfriends and the rest of the guys on the football team. Won the trophy and were headed home.

Being desperate they had each drank a couple bottles of water on the way home. The guys having no problems just stepping out and pulling corks out and peeing on the road side. But being girls wanting more privacy while doing their own business thought they could wait until back at school!

The maze had a set of bathrooms which were closed for maintenance purposes and were no help to the girls right now. Having each drank the water and a cup of coffee before were reallly feeling the pressure now.

So they did what had to be done, went into the maze until lost but still knowing the way out, turned and let pants and panties drop to the ground and stepping out of them, the girls sat on the edge of a round hay barrel and let go, pee streaming out of their pussies and thundering down onto the ground, splashing and splattering, hissing as it went, then turning to a strong steady flow that started leaving a puddle in its tracks. Then the pee stopped the girls wiped themselves off with a sweater they had been wearing. Pulling the clothes back on and sighing in relief as they found their way out of the maze.

They went to find their boyfriends and the rest of the guys as the bus backup was just arriving to get them home. ..

*004*2023-11-02 23:26

Nothing but they didn't know backup was coming!

