Uncharted: The Wet Legacy

Author: pinkelpeter

*000*2022-11-15 23:43

Time for a new story. This time, it's a classical fan fiction to the (hopefully) well-known PS3/4/5 game series "Uncharted". While you had the character of Chloe Frazer as an NPC in the earlier, mainline Uncharted games, you could actually play her in Uncharted: The Lost Legacy. This fan fiction was born from my head running wild during the countless wetlook scenes in the game (which looked incredibly realistic). What should surprise nobody: I do not own rights to any of the above mentioned stuff. Duh.

Chapter 1: How it started

It was another evening after a hard day's work of treasure hunting. Chloe was sitting in her favourite bar together with Nadine Ross, her partner in crime. The air was hot and sticky and the drinks were cool. Of course they were, Chloe gave them no chance of warming up before downing them. They had every reason to celebrate. Though it may be be just another mission for them, they were successful nonetheless and did not only escape with treasure, but also with their lives. They recapped the events and laughed at various comic reliefs in between dangerous situations. They were used to it, but that doesn't mean they don't care.

"Fuck, I was so scared this time", Chloe said. Sipping on her glass again.

"Yeah, me too. It was way too close. Again. As always. But it gives you kicks, doesn't it?", Nadine replied. As former head of a group of mercenaries, she somehow got addicted to danger.

"Sure as hell does. But also got me wet a bit, and not from pleasure. When we ran away.", Chloe laughed. She was quite open about this kind of stuff, at least with Nadine.

"Frazer, really? Tell me about it" Nadine said. She also took a sip from her drink and observed Chloe.

"There's not much to tell. Had to pee. For some time. Sadly, there were no port-a-potties in that tomb. But getting away was more important. So I guess... I just didn't care. Didn't feel too bad actually. Besides, we had to swim the last part so nobody noticed, not even you." Chloe was starting to slur a bit.

"You're right, I didn't notice at all. We're wet half the time anyway... But how did it feel not too bad?" Nadine was intrigued. While she had her desperate moments, she always found a way to get behind a tree or stone and yank her pants down in the last second. It never occurred to her that peeing her pants was an option.

"Well it's warm, for starters. And somehow the feeling of being wet excites me, especially when it comes from myself. Have you never thought about why we somehow always use the route through rivers when there's a bridge not too far away?", Chloe blurted out. She was way more open now after some drinks. Not that she was shy otherwise, but she tended not to talk about "that stuff" when sober.

"So that's why!", Nadine exclaimed, "I always thought it was just convenient and to cool us off. So that's your thing, huh? How did that start?"

"Back when I had my time with Nate. You remember Nate? It's a shame he chose Elena over me. But let's not talk about that. So one time he randomly jumped into the water inside a temple and told me to come in with him, the water's nice and stuff. I had my hard-to-get phase back then, so I told him that he just wants my shirt to get wet. He laughed and continued with whatever. But somehow it stuck with me, if not with him. I wore a red shirt back then, none of that wet-t-shirt stuff. But somehow, in an event when I got wet, I found it... interesting. So one time when I was alone, I decided to do it deliberately. Just get in a shower as I was, my tan cargo pants and red shirt, and turn the faucet on. And somehow... I liked it. You know, like a lot." Chloe had to take a breath after that monologue. She felt her tongue move itself to form words she had never told anyone. Nadine nodded every so often, she clung to her lips. After another sip, Chloe continued.

"So anyway, I found that I actually liked getting wet fully clothed. You know me, I mostly live in warmer climates, so it wasn't an issue. Even less during missions with Nate, when I started to somehow accidentally or deliberately fall into water whenever it was possible. Nate sadly never made a comment about it, but I guess everyone's got their own thing. Anyway, the day came when... I had forgotten to take a pee when I could. And we were stuck behind an especially challenging puzzle. I don't even remember what it was.

I was no great help that day, as I was completely focused on my need. I tried to avoid moving around because, you know, I'm the tough girl who isn't afraid of no one, but when Nate finally solved that puzzle and euphoria kicked in, I lost a spurt. I felt it in my panties, just a tiny bit. I looked down instinctively, but even though I wore those tan pants, you couldn't see it. My need increased tenfold though, so I became really nervous. Nate was still in explorer mode, looked around, scribbled something in his notebook, so he didn't notice me. I told him we need to get going now and made my way to the exit.

When I waited for him to come, I lost another spurt. And another. I could feel the dam break any second now, and I could also start seeing an ever so tiny dark spot on my pants. I needed to act. Fast. And there it was, my safe haven. In the next chamber, there was a large body of water. Almost like a deliberate swimming pool from ancient times. When I saw Nate finally catching up on me, I felt another spurt. And I couldn't stop it this time. I felt it spread in my panties and slowly making it's way down my legs. I ran. As fast as I could. Like running for cover, yeah, I kind of was. And then I jumped into the water. I was now peeing full force in my pants. Didn't matter now because I was all wet, underwater. When I got to the surface again, I held onto the side and finished. I forgot about Nate, about that temple, about everything for a while.

I was finally at peace and could pee. And then, Nate yanked me out of my own little wet world. "You okay in there? Little swim?" he said. All the time I was angry and sad about his obliviousness about my random swims. This time, I was glad. I told him yeah, just cooling off. In reality, I was still warming myself up. When I was finally finished, I left the pool and we continued our journey. All the way home, I thought about what happened and how it felt unbelievably relieving to finally... well, relieve myself. I never talked to him about that. So that was how it started. You still with me?" Chloe looked up. Indeed, Nadine was with here more than ever. She blushed a little and had that mischievous smile on her face that usually meant trouble.

"I love that story. I felt like I was there. That Nate could have been a lucky man" Nadine said. She was still intrigued. That crave for relieve was all too familiar to her, but she never thought about how it would feel to let it go in her pants. All that talking about pee suddenly made her notice her own bladder. She found this particularly funny and chuckled a bit.

"Yeah, but Nate's Nate. Enough story time, this made my bladder fill up way too fast. Together with the drinks of course. How bout you?" Chloe said.

"Hm, what? Oh, yeah, me too. But I guess I can hold it a bit longer" Nadine said.

"Don't tell me you're holding it in deliberately. But okay, I can manage too. Besides, holding can be quite pleasurable too, you know?" Chloe winked.

Nadine blushed again. "You never fail to amaze me, Frazer. Hey, barkeeper, another two!" she said. Both women were excited on what the rest of the evening would bring.

*002*2022-11-17 18:38

Chapter 2: Holding

Enough time has passed that the two adventurers got even more drunk and simultaneously more desperate. A dangerous combination. Then of course, they were somehow addicted to danger.

"Now I'm really starting to feel it. I'm slowly getting to the point where I get nervous", Chloe said.

"I'm past that point. I'm gonna be right back" Nadine answered and stood up from her bar stool. When she stood, she suddenly felt the full extent of her desperation as her bladder suddenly pushed down. Nadine knew she had little time. "I didn't realize how big my need is. Not that I don't know that, as I said, I've had my desperate moments. Even close calls. But somehow, this time it feels different."

"Care to wait a little longer with me? The longer you wait, the more fun it is" Chloe slurred, her eyes fixed on Nadine's, with her nobody-can-escape Chloe smile.

"Are you flirting with me, Frazer? But okay, I'll wait. But I can't guarantee for safety" Nadine said. She wasn't opposed to women, and Chloe knew that. She sat down again.

"Maybe I am. Maybe it's the drinks. What I know is that I can't guarantee for the safety of our pants. Oh!" Chloe inhaled sharply, "I think that was the first spurt! But it wasn't much."

Nadine's eyes shot between Chloe's legs. But no, there was nothing to be seen, yet. Chloe wore the same blue jeans as always, together with her red t-shirt. Basically her work uniform. Nadine wore her usual tan cargo pants and dark blue t-shirt.

"Hey Frazer, what colour of panties are ya wearing today?" Nadine said. She was getting more straight forward by the minute.

"Bet you want to know, right? They're red, of course. But I guess they're a bit darker now in... some places. Oh! Another one!" Chloe spread her legs a bit and looked down at herself. Still nothing. "It was more this time. I'm starting to feel damp. And I'm slowly losing it... How bout you?"

"The panties or the pee?" Nadine said, still fixated on Chloe's crotch.

"Both! Maybe even... combined?" Chloe said. She was shifting around on her chair now.

"They're grey, of course. Here" Nadine pulled the waistband of her cargo pants a bit down, just enough to show the seam of her light grey panties. Although she wore a belt, her toned figure gave her some centimeters of presentation space.

"I very much like that. They would look great when wet." Chloe said.

"Well they get darker. I never thought about that. Pretty much every fabric gets darker when it's... Ugh! Oh my god, I spurted too! Wow! It feels... interesting." Nadine said. She also opened her legs slightly, as if she wanted to show it to Chloe. Maybe she wanted to do exactly that, but there wasn't anything to show yet.

"Congrats! Now the seal is broken, you're pretty much fucked. No point in trying to find a toilet. Let's just see how long you will last. You're ready?" Chloe said, excited like always. She lost more and more small spurts and a tiny little spot turned up on her jeans.

"I guess? We're sitting outside, it's dark. The only thing is that it will show on my tan pants. You know how they look when they get wet." Nadine said.

"Yeah, they look stunning! Now we're talking anyway, you might have guessed it. I planned our routes to include water and dirt as much as possible. Sorry!" Chloe said, blushing a bit.

"I suspected. Come to think of it, you were always keen to get in the water as fast as possible and make me do the same. Now I know why. But I can't deny that your jeans look pretty great too. And your red shirt gets a bit shiny and also darker." Nadine said. The thoughts about Chloe started exciting her. Making her lose another spurt in her pants. "Oh, this one was longer! There's a spot!" She pointed at her crotch.

"I like where this is going! You're not too far away now, I'm sure. And yeah, your shirt looks pretty sexy too when it's wet. Mayyyybe that's why I include so much water. The way it clings to you is just... It's hot. You know what? I think I'm starting to lose it anyway, I'm gonna let go now."

Nadine was breathing heavier, her look fixed on Chloe's pants. After a few seconds, a dark patch started to spread. Slowly at first, then growing and slowly making its way towards the edge of the seat. Streaks started forming down her legs. This was too much. Nadine spurted again but could only stop it after a few seconds. She felt her crotch become wet and warm. There was no denying now, her tan pants showed everything clearly even though it was dark.

"Come on, do it! You're wet anyway now, why not have some fun?" Chloe said, still deliberately peeing in her jeans.

Nadine hesitated for a moment but knew that Chloe was right. Besides, there was no use in getting up now. She relaxed... And felt her crotch get warm again. She also felt the liquid spread on the bar stool and reach her legs. She liked how her pants looked, as if they got a new pattern. She even pushed a bit to increase the flow.

Chloe was finishing her own wet experience and looked at Nadine. As expected, it looked incredibly hot how her pants darkened, glistened a bit and how Nadine gave out little moans of pleasure. Chloe waited for her friend to finish and then said "Wow"

"Yeah, wow. That felt amazing! So nice and warm and naughty! But what are we gonna do now?" Nadine said. They were still in the bar, now that she was back in reality.

"Continue? Hey barkeeper, another two!" Chloe said.

Over the course of the evening, they re-wet a few times. Every time one of them felt the need, they informed the other and slowly let it flow in their pants. After a few hours, the bar was closing.

"That's way too early. How about we meet in my hotel room?" Chloe said.

"Haha, funny. We're sharing a room." Nadine answered.

"So... is that a yes?"

"If you wish. We should take a shower when we get there."

"Let's get you wet once again, Miss Ross."

"Not if I get you wet first, Miss Frazer."

They smiled and looked forward to getting to the hotel. They didn't care that they wore obviously peed in pants as nobody knew them and nobody cared.

