Pailey's Pressure (A Short Omorashi Story)

Author: ParanOmo

*000*2023-01-22 18:10

Pailey's Pressure

Pailey was rushing to the nearest train station, hoping to find a bathroom she could use...

Earlier, she had attended a 2 and a half hour long lecture, drinking lots of water every few minutes. Despite a 10 minute break, Pailey thought she could hold it until the end. Subtly holding her crotch with one hand and both legs, she shivered and bounced around while alone in an elevator heading to the 5th floor, where an inconveniently placed bathroom was located. To her demise, the female bathroom was closed due to plumbing issues. Pailey then took the elevator back down, this time holding her crotch with two hands. However, to avoid any looks, she had to remove her hands and speed-walk as quick as possible to the train station, where she would hopefully find a vacant bathroom.

She cautiously sped down the stairs, and spotted the bathroom sign. Upon reaching the entrance of the bathroom, Pailey's body went cold. There were no vacant stalls at all. 3 very unsanitary stalls, all taken by random people. She could hear relief from the stalls, which caused her to shuffle from side to side, hoping to remove pressure. As time passed, the stalls were still occupied, not making her situation any better. Losing hope in the train station, Pailey decided to leave and head up to the streets to find a public bathroom. Quickly dashing into a newly built park, she found a futuristic bathroom in the open. When she reached it, it was occupied, and the sign said that a person needed to pay a dollar to use the futuristic bathroom.

While Pailey searched her pockets, pulling out only 90 cents, the door unlocked, and a man walked out, the door shutting immediately behind him. Pailey desperately begged the man for 10 cents, while trying her best to hold her bladder a little longer. As the man searched his wallet, Pailey felt the liquid sloshing inside of her almost leak. Pailey struggled to put each coin into the slot, as her body was shaking, and she had to use one hand to push against her crotch. She finally managed to place every coin, and the door opened, revealing a glorious throne that Pailey longed for. The door automatically shut behind Pailey, as she pulled her skirt and panties off before she sat down. Despite a small patch on her panties, Pailey managed to sit down on the toilet seat, and release a hissy stream of liquid from her body.

Pailey's pee lasted for almost 2 minutes, and the relief she felt was expressed through her constant sighs and moans. She could feel the pressure go down as her bladder shrunk, releasing it's contents with force, hitting and splashing the toilet bowl. Eventually, Pailey wrapped up and left, still feeling very relieved.

THE END.

