New Year's taming of the Shrew

Author: peeacsfan

*000*2024-06-13 12:50

Part 1

The weather turned out to be excellent: windless, warm, freshly fallen The snow crunched pleasantly under his feet. A dark night, illuminated by the night starry sky and bright flashes of exploded firecrackers, fireworks and other pyrotechnics everywhere – whatever you say, but people want a holiday, and every night of the first of January year will be like this.

No I didn't have any special plans for New Year's Eve. I decided to visit the friends, then take a walk to the Christmas tree and go to bed at home. You don't even get really drunk Wanted. I approached the entrance, began to type numbers on the intercom, but this time Two young and already pretty young girls opened the door outside, and came out to meet me, giggling bashfully and cheerfully. One of them, looking down embarrassedly, she said: "Hello, Happy New Year" and Quickly, quickly, she moved away. Going up to the third floor, I had to make a small jump so as not to step on a freshly poured puddle, oh the origin of which I instantly guessed. Having successfully moved, I turned his head and for a few seconds fixed his gaze on two, as it turned out to be puddles, no doubt left by young girls. "I wonder what belongs to the one who embarrassedly greeted me when leaving?" Judging by the diameter of the second puddle, one of the young nymphs for a long time time was not easy, and it was probably she who decided to enter this approach...

I called the bell rang, and as soon as the door opened, I had to walk carefully again: This time, in order not to accidentally step on other people's shoes - an abundance of shoes indicated that a fairly large company had gathered in the apartment. I I was not mistaken – there were about twenty people sitting in the room: three of my friends, three of them strange girls, my friend's brother and guys unknown to me. The table was bursting with food, bottles of alcoholic beverages and juice boxes. I sat down next to one of girls and began to listen to the conversation. It was about the relationship between men and women. The girl with whom I was sitting next to me was on a roll - she drank a shot of I washed it down with juice or cognac or whiskey and continued the conversation, the beginning of which I I didn't have time to catch him:

- I can Tell you honestly, if the girl doesn't call the guy herself, doesn't write, doesn't ask Where he is, who he is with, what he is doing - this means one thing: she does not care about him. And When she is really interested in him and wants to be with him, she will call him five times a day, always find time to meet, come to him itself. But if she does not want to, she will make excuses, look for excuses not to to meet, will not let you get close to him... Believe me, as a girl, this is true eat. I'm the same myself.

- Possible And another option, - I entered the conversation, - the girl begins to pester the guy on the five times a day with questions: where is he, who is he with, does he want to meet her, and he is no longer particularly happy about it, and then it is no longer a girl, but he will excuse himself, to look for excuses to avoid her excessive attention... well, except for the time from time will invite you to one-time meetings for an intimate pastime.

Girl with She looked at me with interest, narrowed her eyes, shot her eyes and said:

- I don't know What about other girls, but I will say for myself: usually I decide with whom and when I am date, with whom I will talk for a long time, and with whom I will not, for whom I will find always time, and for whom I will be constantly "busy", and, in the end, with whom I am I will sleep, and for whom I will always be "not ready", while allowing him to try to woo me.

- Herein There is nothing so surprising," I replied, "each can boast the same, because around any more or less attractive girl often A certain number of people who want to stir up something with it accumulate. There are also guys for whom you will always be just one of.

"Oh well Not me," the girl said confidently.

- And you are too," I replied no less confidently, "you can be like that for someone.

Girl She left the table and stood in the middle of the room.

- Men I want to ask those who like me to honestly raise their hands, and who would not refuse with me to sleep with each other," she said, and began to show herself to everyone present. She was a rather attractive girl of about twenty-six or twenty-eight, with with a good figure, beautiful legs, seductively dressed in tight dark leggings and a dress that makes her look sexy. In all her appearance, one could see an eternally young girl at heart, who dreams that her biological clock, if not stop, then at least slowed down their inexorable pace, and she would forever remain young, fresh and Attractive. All as one raised from With the delight of her hands, only two other girls made a displeased face, but did not react in any way to my trick interlocutor, the dialogue with which provoked her to this demonstrative exit.

- This is Question or suggestion? – one of the people who raised his hand dared to ask.

- Of course, a question, because, first of all, I don't just offer myself to anyone And secondly, now you, dear men, have all confirmed that It costs me nothing to possess any of you, but neither of you is so just get me if I don't need it.

- As well as Any other attractive girl," I clarified, "costs nothing demonstrate yourself by arousing a certain kind of interest in the guy, hint that there is a chance to get to know her better, and if he has everything instincts are in order, and all organs are functioning well, then he will try to get to her roll her up and try to drag her into bed.

While I pronounced his clarification, the girl walked past me and sat down next to me. Having completed its thought, I poured alcohol into her glass and offered everyone to drink to the coming New Year. My idea was strongly supported.

- And Still, I don't agree with myself by you," my opponent continued to bend her line with alcohol with juice, All the guys to whom I gave some kind of hope, clung to it as if it were straws, called me, tried to get me, although some guessed that their the effort will be in vain.

- Well There is probably more to you than a pleasant appearance and a seductive butt," I condescended to compliment, "besides, it seems to me, you are uninhibited, she is open and unquestionably sociable, and this factor is additional for guys attracts, so you get the impression that all of them are only in the your feet. But, having banged their foreheads against the wall, sooner or later they will go further, until will not find another girl who is ready to respond to their attention. But you're better Tell me what a guy could do that you wouldn't care about don't give a damn, and you'd show all your signs of not being indifferent to him, oh that you were talking about when I got here?"

"Hmm, well You can't tell it in a nutshell," my interlocutor grinned.

- Well, you try it, - it's convenient Sitting down, I said, relaxed, and let the girl know that I was all in the attention.

"All right, I'll try," she said. I poured myself alcohol, drank, washed it down with juice and continued, - today I have this The mood that I am ready to speak frankly. Only I'd rather go from The opposite: I will tell you how a guy himself can make it so that he is a girl will become indifferent.

- I love it when a girl She tells everything honestly and openly," I encouraged her.

@@"Well," she continued, Guys often act according to some kind of scheme, which, like a computer program, is written in their heads. But at the same time, they do not feel each specific girl, they are not flexible, they are too tense and serious, and at the same time they are often themselves they miss the moment... For example, once he asked me out on a date A cool young man. To be honest, I was all wet from one of his look, voice, movement, gait. In the very first minute, I decided in my mind that I would give myself to him, I already imagined how we would fuck with him regularly... Of course I didn't tell him that, but I swear he just had to say: "Come with me on"... And I would go with him to the end of the world and give myself where he would take me. But what did he do? He began to pull the tires, to talk about abstract topics, although you could take me with your bare hands. He was afraid even to touch me, although I could see perfectly well that he was me. He wanted to, but he crept up to me very carefully. All his actions led to to the fact that in general I still liked him, but I no longer had a fuse That one, although he still had many chances to ignite the dying fire inside me. In the end, he began to hint to me about the continuation of the evening, began to touch me, hug, but I was no longer ready and said that it was time for me to go home. I expected that He will begin to object and insist on his own. But no, he walked me home, then he did not dare to kiss us for a long time before the entrance, and then asked when we were I'll meet you again and said goodnight. After that, he called me regularly, He invited me everywhere, gave me flowers, then almost confessed his love, but it was too late, and that's it Only because he missed the moment from the beginning.

- Well, what do you think He had to act in order to arouse interest in you and Keep you after? I asked.

- Here's all the secrets for you, - The girl smiled, "Well, today I am disposed to revelations. Immediately I will say that there is no universal recipe that you need to follow, to come to the result. But if we consider that guy and me, then he It was necessary not to pull the tires, but immediately take me into turn, without explaining anything, to take him to his home. I will not hide the fact that I would probably come up with pretexts and excuses, I would say that I can't do it right away, that I need to wait for some kind of It's time... But here, too, you need to feel this line between when a girl really doesn't want to, because the guy himself "doesn't insert" it, and when She already wants him, but she just flirts and breaks. If he had listened to me and if I had done as I asked him, then the result would have been the same, or rather, it would have been just Most likely, there was not. In his case, he just had to take me... not Definitely at home, I would give myself to him even in the car, even in the entrance, even in the public toilet, if he had just taken me there and "taken". And yes, I would she kept repeating to him: "What are you doing? Do not! I don't want to!" and even if he He had already pulled down his underpants, I would still have told him something like: "Well, maybe you don't need to?" or "Let's not do it now." And I can honestly say if he bypassed all these obstacles, did not listen to me, but just took and fucked, then such a I would remember sex for a long time, and after That guy wouldn't get out of my head. And in the future, I would be pleased that he gave flowers, I would wait for these meetings, and give myself I would ask him every time, and I would ask him to call me more often, or rather, everything It's time. And then I myself would call him several times a day, I would cheat him up myself, suspecting that he was sleeping with someone else, and from these thoughts I would like him more more.

- Very interesting, - I commented on the story of my interlocutor, - only in that particular In the situation, you initially liked the guy, and you expected some action from him. And what if you didn't like him, but he would start climbing up to you directly?

"I'd get punched in the face!" –Answered The girl laughed.

"Well, it turns out that this The poor guy was unlucky to initially get into your mercy, then there are no other options except How to get a punch in the face from you, he doesn't?

- Well, why not, - mysteriously The girl smiled, - there are always options, he just needs to find his own approach, And then not to miss the moment and take advantage of the chance. I'm telling you, you need to feel girl, be flexible and not look for a unique recipe that will work with All. I hope my answer to your question satisfied you?"

"Quite," I answered.

"Very well," she said. By the way, he could have filled my glass while I was opening up here.

I twitched lazily, but I One of the guys got ahead of him, obligingly filling the lady's glass. The girl drank drink (it turned out that it was whiskey), washed it down with juice and turned to me:

"Do you smoke?"

- No, I did not smoke and do not smoke.

"It's a pity," she answered. getting up from the sofa, - otherwise only non-smokers have gathered here, I will have to be alone again go to the entrance.

- Well, I don't smoke, but the company I can make it for you," I answered, got up from my chair and followed the girl.

"Wait a second, I'm just I'll drop in quickly to one place," she said already in the hallway and headed off towards the closet. I could not take my eyes off her gait and seductively swaying appetizing butt. Meanwhile, the owner of such a treasure tried to pull the handle, but the door would not yield, and the girl, before to make my way in the opposite direction, I stated, - it seems that I was Ahead.

*001*2024-06-16 17:51

@@part 2

We went out into the entrance and went down to the third floor.

"Damn it, I'd kill these youngsters who sit in the entrances," the girl said discontentedly, almost stepping into a puddle that has not yet dried, - it is better to go to the fifth one, if, of course, there is Also, no one arranged a public toilet.

- And what makes you think that this is Teen? - I asked the girl when we went up to the floor above.

- Well, who else? Schoolgirls is usually That's what he does, some two girls of fifteen or nineteen years old, She said, lighting a cigarette from a lighter and taking the first puff.

- Why girls, maybe guys, and maybe at all... Spilled water? - I provoked the girl to develop the topic.

- Guys would go to garbage chute," the interlocutor answered me confidently, "and even if it were not for the garbage chute, then a puddle would start from the wall. And there it is clear that two girls are in need Coped. We used to have someone in the entrance, when there were no intercoms yet left puddles on the floor, and still could not catch those who did it. And Once with a neighbor they caught two pissgirls doing this. They were handed rags and forced to clean up after themselves. Since then There were no more puddles there.

- Well, maybe it has become It was unbearable, there was nowhere to go, and your last refuge was your entrance? - I tried to act as a lawyer for girls I didn't know.

- These are their problems. You can always find a toilet, after all, we do not live in the Stone Age, and the tenants should not to suffer because someone has no brains and no conscience.

- And what do brains have to do with it? The moreover, maybe the urine had already hit them in the head, and the brain did not understand anything, I developed the topic.

- With the fact that thinking before It was necessary to prevent such a problem, and if it did, then to solve it in advance, and not at the last moment.

- Do you mean that you never In my life, I have never found myself in such a situation when I wanted to go to the toilet, but there was nowhere to go descend?

- I hit, of course, like everyone else people," the girl answered, blowing smoke out of her lungs, "but I'm never, sorry, I went to relieve myself in the entrances, in the bushes or somewhere else in the place not intended for this.

"So I didn't want it so much.

- It happened that it was strong. But I Then I went to a café, to the station, once there was a case, I walked in the store for a long time, I asked there - they let me in. Well, so that I start polluting other people's yards, entrances... No, I'm not brought up like that.

- Even if there was really nowhere Was it possible to go?

- I can't just imagine a situation in which there is nowhere to descend. There is always a place to go. You just need to think with your head in advance, and not Then you will need to relieve yourself wherever you go. Although I can still be honest about myself I tell you, I'm squeamish and scrupulous in this regard.

- That is? I didn't understand.

- That is, I'd rather do it once again I'll wait to get home than go somewhere in a public place. Well, I don't like it Just other people's toilets, especially public ones. I prefer to go quietly to toilet, because for me this is an intimate process that requires complete privacy and comfort. And even on the basis of these considerations, I do not understand at all girls who are not ashamed to show their ass somewhere on the street, in the entrance, if only because strangers can see them. I'm more than you I'll tell you: you're absolutely right when you noticed at the table that I'm an open girl and liberated, but there are things that I will not allow under any circumstances. And such a thing as going to the toilet is one of them, - my interlocutor She finished smoking a cigarette, extinguished the cigarette butt and threw it into the garbage chute, but I was in no hurry to return to the apartment yet, - At the same time, I am not shy at all In this regard, that is, I am not one of those girls about whom they say "princesses are not pee and do not poop"; I'm an ordinary girl, and if I need to go to the toilet, I'm calm I can say this, but I have never lived in my life, even when I lived with my ex-husband together, did not allow herself to pee so openly even in front of him, not to mention in order to admit the slightest possibility of being taken by surprise, allowing strangers to see me at such a moment.

We went downstairs, went into the apartment, I followed my interlocutor, and she, apparently forgetting that in the "One place" did not hit, turned into a room and sat down in her seat. While we were absent, someone to dispel the inevitable looming in such a gatherings over all boredom, offered A simple game called "Truth or Dare". The essence of the game is simple: one of the participants turns to any of those present with a question-proposal: "Truth or Dare?" and the one to whom the "truth" was addressed, having chosen "truth", must answer any question from the one who I turned to him, if "action" - then complete the task. After that, the right Addressing anyone present with the same question passed to him.

For a few minutes I watched what was happening, when those present, blushing, answered questions a la "At what age did you have your first sex?", "How often do you masturbate?", "Did you want to ever sleep with a member of the same sex?", and also performed tasks such as "drink a glass of whiskey in one gulp and do ten push-ups", "go to the balcony and crow loudly five times." Then one of the girls present Having somehow completed the task "Perform belly dancing", she turned to me with a question: "Truth or deed?"

"I'm always for the truth," he replied I, - ask the question.

- Do you have a secret A hobby that you don't tell anyone about, and that you are the most excites in girls? - coughing up beforehand to hide the excitement, She blurted out the question.

- You even have two questions, but I I'll answer both, and you still won't understand what it means," he said mysteriously - There is a secret hobby, and it is called "omorashi".

"What is this?" – I didn't get it She, and everyone else, of course, too.

- And this is the third question, - he left From the answer I turned to the girl with whom I had had the most time to talk in This New Year's Eve: "Truth or Dare?"

- Action! – not for a second she hesitated, she answered.

"Excellent," I said, "only It doesn't have to be done now. I want you to go to the Christmas tree with me.

- Okay, but only later, - She answered and turned with a question to the girl who had previously addressed The same question to me: "Truth or deed?"

"It's true," she chosen, thinking The girl changed her mind for a while, but no, action is better.

- Come and kiss him on the lips Who do you like from those present, with whom you could sleep.

The girl thought for a moment, then She resolutely got up and left the table. Everyone was silently waiting to whom she would approach. In For a moment, the girl stopped next to me, bent over, moving her face closer close to me, and bit into my lips.

- Wow! He said admiringly one of those present until the girl returned to her seat.

- Truth or Dare? – She turned to me after she had completed the task.

- As always, the truth and nothing more "True," I answered.

- What would you most like Today and now? - the question sounded.

- Right today and now, what To be honest, I'd like to go home after we've sat here with this charming lady," I nodded towards the one sitting across from me the girl who listened to my answer with interest - to continue frank conversations with her on various topics, then undress her to a state of complete nudity and taste Together with it, the forbidden fruit, indulging in carnal pleasures.

- Wow! exclaimed the same voice that reacted in the same way to the performance of the previous tasks by a girl.

- Well, why should I boomerang I can't return the question to you: "Truth or deed?" - I looked at the girl again, who asked me a question, who forced me to frankly confess my desires.

"That's true," she said.

- The question is: tell me about the most critical situation in your life, starting from the age of twelve, When you really wanted to go to the toilet," I blurted out.

- Can I choose an action? – blushing, the girl began to retreat, - I am embarrassed to answer such a question.

- No, according to the rules, change the decision must not! The girl sitting next to me objected, to whom, in fact, she was My recent confession in the form of an answer to a question is addressed.

"All right," she sighed, I had one such case when I was sixteen years old. My friend and I were walking Two young men met us and offered us a drink beer. We sat with them for a long time, talked, and then my friend kissed one from them they also went somewhere. The second guy tried to start kissing me too, but At that moment, first of all, I was afraid that I was left alone with him, and Secondly, I realized that beer really makes me want to go to the toilet, but I was embarrassed to say about it. We sat with him for a while, and I said that I needed to home. But when we got up and walked, I already felt that I could hardly endure it until I just wouldn't make it home, but I was also embarrassed to tell him about it. As a result, I told him that I had to go urgently, because I felt that I was about to burst, and Ran away. I ran into the yard, ran to the entrance of the first house I came across, and did my business there.

- Hmm, now I know who's in entrances," the girl sitting next to me interjected the word again.

- I just went once then," the girl began to make excuses, to whom I asked a provocative Question, I had no other choice.

- There is always a choice!

- What?

- Endure until home!

- And if you can't do it anymore tolerate?! What to do?

- You can always be patient!

- It is harmful to endure!

- And don't in other people's entrances Harmful?

- Well, what if there is nowhere to go?! The bladder can burst!

"So girls," I interjected, "a break!" Let's better continue the game. The girl answered my question, and now she stops the relay race...

- So I will ask you: "The truth or action," she addressed her rival.

- Really!

- What did you do and what were you talking about Did you talk when you went out into the entrance? The woman who confessed her shameful act girl.

- Personally, I smoked, and Talked... And they were just talking about girls relieving themselves in the entrances and other such places. Now my Move," she looked at me, "Truth or Dare?"

- Well, let it be for a change action," I replied.

"All right," the girl answered, " Only I'll ask you about it a little later, when we go to smoke again.

- Agreed, - I answered, - well And then I will ask you: "Truth or deed?"

"Well, let's take action, just like you."

"Well, I'll ask you about it later how you ask me for yours.

"Swept away!"

"Well," someone said, " It seems that we are superfluous here and the whole game takes place without us.

"I want to smoke," she said My interlocutor drank whiskey, washed down with juice, and left the table.

I got up from my chair and followed her.

- Wait now, I'm just going to go to the toilet," she said, and she was heading in the direction she needed.

- Let's go into the entrance first, You smoke, and at the same time voice your task, and I will voice mine," I suggested, carefully holding the girl by the elbow.

"All right," she agreed, and changed direction.

*002*2024-06-17 16:42

@@part 3

"Well, I'm ready to hear and To perform an action that I left for later? I asked, lighting a cigarette girl.

"I'm ready, just don't forget that After that, you will perform one action that I ask you to do.

"Yes," she answered, "but I will warn you right away that before you voice it, I will announce to you limitation, that is, what you are talking about me It is better not to ask, because I will not agree to this, after which you will say that I will do it, and I will do it. If you want, you can also say what you want You definitely won't agree now.

- I don't think I have any restrictions," I answered, "make a guess.

- Ok! - she answered, - Only I will first ask the topic a preliminary question from the same area about which You asked that girl.

"I agree, ask," he replied I.

- Do you want to go to the toilet now? – she asked.

- Well, to be honest, I did not refuse I would like to go," I admitted.

"I have no doubt..." The interlocutor held a meaningful pause, "while no one is looking, you can Do you do it directly into the garbage chute? I promise that I won't stare intently, well, simply.... It's just such an assignment from me.

I, without worrying at all, unbuttoned the fly, opened the lid of the garbage chute and performed the action with pleasure, given to me. Now I feel very easy and comfortable, in addition, I already I was ready to voice my task to the girl...

"Yes," she said, "in the Something can be envied to you. It's really that easy for a girl And you can't do unnoticed what you can do easily.

- What can I do, - I remarked, - This is our physiology.

- Yes. In this regard, in advance I will voice my limitations so that you will not be tempted to ask me to do something forbidden.

- I've turned into one big ear," I answered.

- I'll tell you right away that you don't need me I will not ask for the same, that is, I will not relieve myself in front of you, although I am impudent I asked you for such a thing. And the second moment, - the girl took a long drag, She exhaled smoke and said, "Of course, I understand all your intentions and plans for today. I must admit that it was bold and audacious of you to answer directly about his intentions, but... I tell you right away that we will not go to your house, and between nothing will be us today... Or rather, not only today, but also tomorrow and the day after tomorrow. Because today I am so relaxed, frank, I drank, got drunk, but Tomorrow I'll get up and I'll be completely different, believe me, so it's better not to line vain illusions about me. Perhaps I behaved like this myself today, and you mistakenly decided that since I am so open and liberated, then Available. But this is not at all true. I'm very obstinate and willful, and that's how it is I just won't agree to anything. In addition, let me give you some advice – on your I would have switched to the girl who so clearly showed her attention to you and favor and made it clear that you have a lot of chances to continue with her... let's put it this way... New Year's Eve. You're with me now You waste time, and she is your real today's chance, in fact win-win lottery ticket.

"Well, I'll do it myself I'll figure it out," I answered, "but it's funny... You're on your own to some extent contradict. She told a story about a cool guy who, instead of To take you right away, he began to pull the tires. As you can see, of course, I am not I'm trying to fuck you right here in the entrance...

"Do you want me to tell you the truth?" – The girl interrupted my speech, "There was no cool guy. I told that story Up. It was just my fantasy, and in reality, of course, everything is not Quite so. And this, by the way, is also our feminine feature – it is never clear where we tell the truth, and where we indulge in wishful thinking.

"Well, I don't care," I answered, So I really told the truth in the game that I would like to continue with you and I would love to fuck you. But that doesn't mean I'm going to go crazy if you In the end, you won't come to me today. For now, as you remember, you and I will go to walk on the Christmas tree...

- I remember, but I already understood what do you want to achieve with this, and therefore I immediately warn you what you will get from this Nothing will come of it, I won't go home to you and I won't sleep with you," the girl answered, "But why would I go to the Christmas tree not to take a walk. I'll just go to the toilet first...

"As you remember," I interrupted her, "I have another task for you.

"I remember... And what is it?

- We'll go to the Christmas tree right away

"That is, right away?" –I didn't get it girl.

- That is, you won't go to the toilet Go in, and we will go straight to the Christmas tree. This will be your "Action," I replied with a smile.

"Hmm, I didn't expect such a turn of events," the girl was taken aback, "however, okay. But we will not walk there for a long time, for obvious reasons. I am in need of I'm definitely not going to celebrate the street, but to dance at the Christmas tree, without visiting the toilet before leaving, I, you know, have a desire will not arise.

"Yes," I replied and followed behind the girl, looked at her and said, - and your ass is still cool.

"Thank you," she smiled, "but You'd better not look at her, don't whet your appetite in vain And aim at what you don't want anyway.

@@The two of us went out into the street. Snow-white flakes fell from above on us, the snow crunched pleasantly under our feet, and The street was still lit up by flashes of firecrackers and fireworks. Everyone Passes By the passer-by considered it his duty to congratulate us on the New Year and we responded to all those same. Soon we approached the Christmas tree, where Santa Claus and the Snow Maiden were seeing off some contests among the celebrants. We squeezed into the crowd and stood next to each other. My companion stood a little to the side of me with a proud look, making it clear that she was holding me distance between us and that it is better not to violate it. Taking the opportunity, I stood up a little behind the girl and decided to look at the lovely forms of her butt again. But In addition, I noticed that my companion was already squeezing her legs and a little danced on the spot. At this moment, Santa Claus and the Snow Maiden became to invite couples to the Christmas tree for the next competition, and I instantly took my hand his companion and led her with him. She was taken aback, but did not bother to fight back. The competition was as follows: young people were given small glasses and a bottle Champagne. It was necessary to pour into the glasses of drink and give them to the girl. The winner was the one who had it in the bottle less champagne... It was very noisy and fun, I barely had time to pour champagne into a pile, as the girl instantly drained it... In the end, we won a bottle with her good whiskey, but as soon as I squeezed through the crowd with the trophy in my hands, girl tugged at my sleeve.

- That's it, now let's go back, - She called me insistently.

- Let's refresh a little more and Let's go," I objected.

"That's it, no, let's go right now!" - she insisted.

- Five more minutes and let's go, - I replied and put my arm around her waist.

"You're so interesting: The toilet did not let me go, he gave me champagne ... I actually want to pee! – The girl complained.

- Well, it's not far to go here, already soon," I promised, and noted with pleasure that this time the girl did not to distance herself from me, and even seemed to cling to me with pleasure.

- That's it, let's go back, I'm already standing Soon I won't be able to do it," she broke the idyll, starting to dance.

"Come on, I think it's all It's wonderful and we have nowhere to hurry," holding the girl tightly, he said slyly I.

"Of course not!" – she reproached me, "I went to the garbage chute myself, but he didn't let me in...

- Well, you gave me this yourself task, well, on the contrary, I saved you from an unnecessary trip to someone else's toilet.

- Thank you, of course, very much for taking care of me, only now I would have already agreed to any toilet. After all, you can I can't say I haven't pee since last year," she grinned hurtfully, "that's just Before we sat down at the table, I went once, and then that's it.

- Well, it's not like that since last year A lot of time has passed," I defended my point of view.

- Oh, listen, let's not do it anymore argue about it, and let's go faster... really," she made a sweet and slightly my companion grimaced in agony.

- Well, we'll be going very soon, I promise," I replied.

- Well, please, let's go now I'm going to start dancing here soon with impatience, my stomach is already swollen, probably as if I'm in the second or third month of pregnancy...

"Well, we could have done a little more take a walk, and then we'll come back," I suggested.

"Are you kidding?" What Walk! I want to go to the toilet like... I don't know who," the girl was indignant and while saying these words, she crossed her legs sweetly and seductively, and then violently I pressed my thigh with the other thigh, - let's go quickly, otherwise the bladder is already occupying all my thoughts, and I wish I could think of something more enjoyable!

We went in the opposite direction, to Home. This time the girl did not move away from me, but on the contrary - leaned on the elbow, thereby preventing me from visually controlling her condition. However, about her position, she informed me every minute, repeating the same phrase like and spell: "I want to pee."

We approached the entrance, and I began dial numbers on the intercom. But this time the doors to the entrance opened earlier, than I managed to call. I approached the elevator, but my companion dragged me afoot.

"Oh, no," she commented she made her own decision, - I didn't have enough to get stuck in such an elevator able...

I pressed the bell button and During this time, he watched his companion with rapture, who at that moment amazingly marking time, dancing, imitating various grimaces on her face and quietly said: "Oh, well, open it quickly, I want to pee... Oooh, how I want to pee! Oh, hurry, well, hurry up open it!.". No one was in a hurry to open it to us. I called again and continued to observe the most wonderful state in which a girl can be when certain circumstances. Nobody opened it...

"Damn it," she swore "Where do they go there?!"

- Now I'll try to dial someone," I said, and took my cell phone out of my pocket. At this moment, I A trick came to mind... I imitated a call to a friend, "talked" to him, watching the girl's grins along the way, not without pleasure noting for himself how She had already managed to stealthily hold herself between her legs a couple of times, and after the "conversation", with "sorrow" He told the girl unpleasant news for her - they all went to the Christmas tree in the city.

- To the city for a Christmas tree?! – horrified she asked, "Damn it! And what should I do now? I already want to go to the toilet Too much! And I have a long way to go home, to my own... Here I am.

"Well, if you want, you can Entrance...

- No! - she blurted out sharply, - Ni Why! I'd rather burst or... or I don't know what, but I won't sit in the entrance or on the Street! I'll endure as long as I want until I die...

- Okay, don't worry, We'll think of something," I suggested, "let's go outside for now, what's stuck here.

The girl was no longer able to objected to anything and obediently followed me. In a minute, as soon as We went out and walked along the path leading to the Christmas tree, she began to pronounce again, this time another phrase: "What should I do? I'll pee soon."

- We can find you a hiding place place, and you go out on the street," I suggested, "that's what many people do.

"I told you what I think On this score! She resisted, and then stopped abruptly and sat down on the "That's it, I can't take it anymore!" Where do you live? Is it far to go to you?!

"It's about twenty-five minutes to me to get out of here," I answered.

"Let's go to you!" she answered.

"You said you were coming to me Today you will not go for anything, - I reminded her of the conversation in the entrance.

"You never know what I said then!" At that time, I didn't want to go to the toilet so much! "My companion was clearly beginning to fall into a panic. - And in general, I have never wanted to go to the toilet so much in my life as Right away! I swear to you! It's all a damn game and your mission! Damn it!

- Well, you shouldn't worry so much about some kind of game," I answered.

- Because of this game, or rather because of the of your last mission, I risk dying of a ruptured bladder!

- No, you won't die today, - I said confidently, "You will live happily ever after.

- I will be the happiest only after I finally go to pee. Now I feel like the most miserable creature on the planet, if not the entire universe! Take me to your house, I want to go to the toilet Insanely simple!!

- Well, I'll think about it, otherwise What if you don't want to come to me after all?

"Oh, that's it!" You are welcome- the girl begged me, "Let's go to your house as soon as possible, and I'll pee at your place." I'm very I beg you, I beg you simply! I feel very bad and all hope I have now is only on you!

- Well, okay, persuaded, let's go to me," I took pity, and we walked in the direction of my house.

*003*2024-06-19 09:48

@@part 4 (last)

My companion with a tense With the expression of her face, she painfully walked her difficult path, and now her lips pronounced even more interesting phrases: "I want to piss, oh my God!", "Uyysss, I'm barely walking already!", "How bad I feel!", "Wow, how wild I want to piss!"

"Be patient, be patient," he encouraged her I, - you are an adult girl, you can do it. Try to keep your composure and don't Hit your face in the mud.

- What the hell is there self-control! - she was indignant, - Is it still far from you?! I won't get anywhere, I'm really going to get soon! Damn, damn!

By the end of the journey, my companion is already, apparently, she really walked with the last of her strength: she stopped abruptly and she squatted, sometimes bent and squeezed herself between her legs with her hand, paying attention to passers-by, and at some moments it is difficult and painful I breathed as if I was engaged in weightlifting at that moment.

Soon my house, about which I hastened to inform my suffering companion, to which she reacted with a guttural sigh and a barely squeezed out phrase: "I want to piss, I have no strength more!" The last few meters were especially difficult for her: she squatted down every few steps, pressing her heel against the one place, then stood up, and, bending in half, squeezed herself with both hands between her legs, after which she moved forward, trying not to unclench her hips, which It was very difficult to do. As soon as we entered the entrance, the girl with her last breath, she quickly said in a half-whisper: "Hurry up!! What floor?! I'm going to be now!" We approached my apartment, I took out the keys, but instead of In order to insert them into the keyhole and open the door, I began to toss them up and catch it with your hand.

"Open it quickly, please, - she barely pronounced, painfully dancing on the spot, not tearing your hands away from your crotch.

"I'll open it soon," I promised, not when I stopped what I was doing, I was suddenly curious why you were She said that you would never come to me today, that there was nothing between us It will be, and it never can be, and now you're standing here begging me to open door and let you in?

- I beg you, I beg you, open it, let me in me to the toilet! I'll be pouring soon! I said this because I am proud and obstinate, and not because we really couldn't have anything!

- That is, it could still be? - I clarified.

- Yes! Only... open it quickly, and otherwise I'll pee now!! Hurry! - With the last of my strength, I could hardly pronounce girl.

- And now you don't look like proud and obstinate," I remarked, "your situation is very interesting now.

- Now I'm not proud, now... Now I just madly and wildly want to piss like the last bitch, and I don't care about my pride, I don't care about anything, now I can do anything if only you opened the door and let me pee in the toilet!!

"And you'd even agree Stay the night?

- Yes! Only, just let me in Piss, please! SSSS," the girl bent in half.

"All right, I'll think about it," I replied and opened the door.

- Thank you! - she thanked.

As soon as we entered the apartment, the girl immediately with the question: "Where is your toilet?" she began to rush along the corridor. I led her behind her, but as soon as she tried to slip forward and open the door to the cherished room, I blocked her way, blocking the passage.

- What are you doing?! Let me go, Come on! Now I'm going to! The girl begged.

"Are you sure you haven't—" I pulled her to me, risking aggression, but, to my amazement, the girl was submissive as never before, - Wow, you have all the leggings on your ass Wet, and between the legs too, and a little bit of a thigh. When you didn't have time to Endure it like this?

- I do not know! I have nothing to do with it. I feel, in addition to this heaviness below and I feel like I'm about to if you don't let me go to the toilet now! –She was spinning like a yula, pronouncing her confessions.

"Now you understand those girls who pee in the bushes and relieve themselves in the entrances? I asked.

"Yes, I understand!" But... But I would have anything I couldn't do it either.

"Even now?"

"I don't know, well... Please let me go let me go quickly, I won't be able to stand it any longer, I promise I'll stay with you, I will thank you with intimacy with me, today I am all yours, you can fuck without a twinge of conscience! Well, just let me go for a pee first!!

- I love it when girls are like that are frank and honest! I replied with satisfaction.

"You've got it!" –Agreed wriggling, she. "You managed to tame my temper, to lure me into your trap, to persuade me to everything, but only now, when I agree to everything, let me go at last, pee... I'm even ready to do it in front of you for the first time in my life, if only I'm already Quickly empty your poor bladder!

"I want something else," he replied I, - did you watch the film for nine and a half weeks?

- Yes! The girl answered, emitting heavy sighs with sobs, reminiscent of the approach of orgasm.

- Do you remember the scene with the ice?

"Yes, I love her!"

"Come with me," I said, and taking the girl's hand so that she would not run away prematurely, he went into the kitchen, He took ice out of the refrigerator and led her back into the hallway. I put the girl to wall and asked her to close her eyes.

"Oh, what are you up to?" –Asked Uncomprehending, she still hopes that she is about to sit on the toilet and pee.

@@I began to run ice over her lips, up to her neck, then carefully pulled off her dress, bra, and like Mickey Rourke, slowly led a piece of ice down the curves of her body. The girl was breathing heavily, sobbed, and, left in only dark leggings, desperately tried to restrain myself with the last of my strength... The ice was melting, and the wet thin path was flowing down to her tummy, stopping at the navel, and as soon as I reached the navel with ice, The girl moaned even harder, uttering a dull "sss" as she did so, screaming as if the first waves of orgasm made her body shudder, and how As soon as a piece of ice continued to explore her body below her navel, the girl hiccuped, and the stream flowed with a loud hiss between her legs right over her legs, forming a There is a puddle on the floor, which in diameter surpassed even the one I had to step over in the entrance... As soon as she, I pulled off her wet leggings with panties (she did not resist at all), took her to kitchen, laid it on the table, and, admiring for ten seconds the appearance of her lovely and finally naked ass, fucked well in the slit open for me...

On that New Year's Eve, I personally I was convinced that there is nothing more pleasant than sex with a freshly girl After she did not go to the toilet for a long time, she endured to victory, and did not Having coped with the body, I poured out all the fluid accumulated inside me directly into the Clothes. And this is the most amazing recipe for preparing a girl for sex that I Ever tried. To possess a girl after she could not stand it and I was forced to pee – the highest bliss, which few people know about. It is very difficult to cook such an exquisite sexy dish, and to appreciate it Only a true connoisseur and gourmet can do it.

* * *

Through Three days I was woken up by a call from unknown to me. I pressed the call button and heard the voice of the same Girls:

- Hello! Learned?

- Yes, hello," I said sleepily, "how are you?"

- Better than the last time... Well, you understand me.

- Was something wrong? I asked.

- Stop it! Everything was different there, but... But in the end, you don't go out to me for the third day Out of my head, I keep thinking about that night This is... It was very, very strange and... I'm going crazy... I'm thinking about it now and I'm all leaking, seriously, that's how I remember how I in front of you... Listen! Let's meet, eh? – emotionally and confusedly, in a tongue twister, he said to me A woman's voice into the phone.

- Well, we'll see... Everything is possible. I actually slept and didn't think about it yet. But I I'll wake up and I'll call you back," I answered.

- It's good to show off! You've me twice anyway! I'll be home later I remembered something from that night, and typed this mysterious word into the search engine "Omorashi"..

- So what?

- And that's it! You just took it and drove me to despair and got out of it pleasure. You wanted to see me suffering from an overflowing urinary tract bubble, put me in an awkward situation when I endured, just not to to embarrass themselves right on the street; You were playing for time and didn't let me go to pee at the myself at home and got to the point where I just in front of you and didn't do anything could have done it with it, and after that you also me in an impudent way The second time, just after I couldn't stand it! And now I want To have you herself!

- Hmm. And in what way?

- Such that I'll come to you, and you to the point where you're already you will moan from exhaustion, and after that you will have such a Sexotoxicosis, that you will think about anything at the sight of girls, but not about sex.

- I'm afraid you'll fail in this, but... It's not a fact that I'll agree on such an experiment on himself.

- Where will you go? Right today we will meet, or rather, I will come to you now I'll come and you!

- Well, you know, I'm not sure if I'm going to get up yet, you'd better call back later And we will come to an agreement with you.

- No, you will receive me now. I know! I have a magic key to you.

- Yes? And what is it?

- I drank a lot of tea this morning and haven't gone to the toilet for a long time... If you give me If you hang out, I'll have to go pee, but if you're ready for the fact that I'm I come to you right now, then in joy I can "forget" to go to the path, and then be "embarrassed" to go to the toilet at your home... But after that, I'll you as you me! - the girl shared her plans, - Although not I will hide - I really liked the end of the New Year's adventure... But I have to Now get out of this state. And for that, I have to fuck you myself. Understand?

- Well, I understand that you liked it so much that you want to repeat it again. And yes, you She picked up the right key to me... Only I suggest that your plans be improved a little. By the way, were you going to come by car?" – I asked, going to the kitchen and thinking at the same time that it would not hurt to buy food and other things in the hypermarket.

- Today I will not drink alcohol until as soon as I come to you, so by car, - The girl answered.

- Let's do this... Do you really want to go to the toilet already? I mean, how much longer Stop it?

- Well, it's decent, - the girl thought, - while there is still enough strength to endure before you.

- I just need to go to the hypermarket here, buy a little stuff ... Suggest meet there, and then immediately to me," I said.

- So, you decided to set a trap for me again? However... I agree to your terms, Only then go there on your own right now, and I'll come by car. I promise that I won't go to the toilet before leaving.

- Swept away," I agreed, "just one more request, and I'm all in yours order for today. Do you have a pharmacy far from home?

- Yes, just the opposite, but what?

- Before leaving, drop by and buy a pack of furosemide tablets and take it with you.

- Hmm... And what are these pills?

- These are very good, magic pills. But you don't drink them before going out, just Take it with you.

- Okay, just tell me, are you going right now?"

- Yes, as soon as possible," I promised.

- Well, then I'm getting ready, going to the pharmacy and waiting for you in half an hour, right?

- That's right! Meet you at the entrance! I answered, then undressed and walked take a shower. There was nowhere to hurry...

Exactly thirty minutes from the pleasant aroma of coffee with cream to good music and view the Omorashi.org, a call fished me out of this bliss.

- Well, where are you? I'm already waiting for you and... and you understand where you want to go...

- Has time already flown by so quickly? - I was surprised, - That's it, I'll be there soon.

- Let's just go faster, or... Or I'll have to go to the bathroom here.

- Don't go anywhere, I'll be soon," I said, disconnected, and then called a taxi.

Girl cute and erotically shifted slightly from foot to foot, waiting for my appearance, but she stopped doing it as soon as she saw me.

- Why are you taking so long? I have already begun to worry, the tea is still making itself felt And I'm not iron...

- Uh. Well, now you have an unforgettable experience, so consider yourself immunity to such a state, - I sneered.

- That's it! Fewer words. Our plan is as follows: we quickly buy everything you need, We are going to you, and there... And then we'll see.

- Okay, just one more moment...

- What? The girl didn't understand.

- Did you remember to take furosemide with you?

- No, what?

- Take one pill now, and then let's go."

- Can you explain to me what these pills are? And why should I drink them? –Asked She is.

- These pills will help increase your sexuality and my attraction to you, - I answered mysteriously.

- All right, I'll have a drink, and then we'll shop at a pace and go to your place, because I've been putting up with it for a long time and already decently want to piss so much," the girl easily agreed to my amazement, taking pills out of her purse. Then she drank one tiny round furosemidine and we went inside... There were a lot of people, there were long queues, and I had a long shopping list. But I think in one and a half to two hours we Let's finish shopping...

