Omovember 2020: Day 26

Author: PPP

*000*2020-11-28 04:56

$$

It took me forever to think of a good way to fulfill this prompt; it's such a broad one. Luckily, I remembered one of the all-time best catgirls...

###

Day 26: Peeing on the floor Aisha (Outlaw Star)

###

The crew members of the Outlaw Star were an unlikely bunch, to say the least. There was Gene Starwind, the brash captain, and Jim Hawkins, his young but intelligent partner. An android known as Melfina served as the ship’s navigator. Rounding out the crew were two deadly fighters: the assassin called “Twilight” Suzuka and Aisha Clan Clan, an enormously strong Ctarl-Ctarl. These aliens looked mostly human, except with cat-like ears and fangs. The entire crew was currently gathered in the dining quarters, enjoying Melfina’s food.

“Hey, this is really good!” Jim said through a mouthful of dumplings.

“Yeah, your cooking’s really improved,” Gene added, helping himself to a beef skewer. Aisha made noises of agreement, but her face was too stuffed for her to form coherent words. The appetites of Ctarl-Ctarl were almost as feared as their brute strength.

“They’re right,” said Aisha once she had finally swallowed. “This stuff’s delicious!”

“Thank you all,” said Melfina, blushing at the compliments.

With her hunger satisfied, Aisha turned her attention to quenching her thirst. She grabbed the nearest bottle and began chugging down the alcohol inside, not coming up for air until the bottle was drained. She smacked her lips in satisfaction, then reached for another.

“Hey, take it easy there!” Gene cautioned as Aisha kept drinking.

“Don’t worry! We Ctarl-Ctarl have incredibly strong constitutions!” Aisha bragged, finishing the bottle.

“That’s not what I meant,” said Gene. “There’s only one bathroom on this ship…”

“Oh, relax,” Aisha scoffed. “Part of that strong constitution is a strong bladder!”

“Whatever,” said Gene, going back to his food.

Strong bladder or not, an hour later Aisha was feeling the effects of all the alcohol. She knew she had to pee, but she didn’t realize how badly until she gave her midsection an experimental poke. Her bladder was so full that it felt like a solid mass, pressing hard against her clothes. A mental image of a pot filled with liquid, a liquid that was sloshing and spilling out, popped into Aisha’s head. She quickly pushed it out, but she couldn’t deny the truth.

“I gotta pee!” she whined to herself.

With her bladder feeling like it was going to burst, Aisha made her way towards the bathroom. It was slow going; she had her hands between her legs to stop any leaks. When she finally arrived, a few drops had gotten out despite her best efforts. With one hand still at her crotch, she knocked on the door with the other.

“Yes?” came Suzuka’s voice from the other side.

“Hurry up in there!” Aisha shouted. “I really need to go!”

“I’m in the shower,” Suzuka replied. “I’m afraid you’ll have to wait.”

Aisha cursed. Suzuka took forever in the shower! Still, out of respect for her crew member, the Ctarl-Ctarl did her best to hold the massive amount of urine inside her. Sweat poured down Aisha’s forehead from the effort. She hopped back and forth in what was unmistakably a potty dance.

If anyone sees me doing this… Aisha thought, mortified at the prospect. More pee leaked out, dampening her underwear and running down her leggings.

I’m at my limit here! Desperate, Aisha pounded on the door.

“Seriously, hurry up!” she cried.

“I’ll be a few more minutes,” said Suzuka, sounding a little irritated. “Just hold on.”

“No!” screamed Aisha, losing her temper. A fantasy rushed through her head, one of her smashing down the door and jumping on the toilet, to hell with what Suzuka thought. For a moment, Aisha considered going through with it. Then she had a better idea for revenge.

“So, you won’t let me in there to pee?” she said to herself, grinning wickedly. “Well, I’ll show you!”

Moving a few feet from the door, Aisha squatted and pulled down her leggings.

“Take this!” she growled, removing her panties. The second the path was cleared, her bladder let go, spraying out a veritable flood of pee. Aisha smirked as it hit the floor with a loud splash.

“That’s what you get!” she laughed, watching as the huge puddle in front of her continued to spread. “Never mess with a Ctarl-Ctarl when she needs to pee!”

Nearly a minute passed, and Aisha found she still had plenty of urine left in her.

The more the better, she thought, wiggling her hips to really spread it around. The pool of pee in front of her was truly enormous by now, and she had to widen her stance to avoid getting it on her feet. Eventually, however, Aisha’s bladder ran dry. She stood up and flicked off the last droplets with her finger. Pulling her pants back up, she took a moment to admire the results of her handiwork. Bright yellow pee stained the floor, reaching nearly from wall to wall.

“That’ll teach them,” Aisha said with some satisfaction.

Just then, Aisha heard a noise from inside the bathroom.

“All right,” said Suzuka, “I’m done.” Before Aisha could get away, the door opened, revealing Suzuka wrapped in a towel. “The bathroom’s all yours, so- aah!” The assassin jumped back, having nearly stepped in Aisha’s puddle. She stared at it, then at the Ctarl-Ctarl, who was trying her best not to look guilty.

“Aisha,” said Suzuka, her voice cold, “did you just relieve yourself all over the floor?”

“What? No!” cried Aisha. “That was there when I got here! It was, um, Jim! You know that kid, he’s not properly toilet-trained!”

“What’s going on here?” Aisha turned towards the speaker and her heart sunk. Gene and Jim were approaching, attracted by the noise. Gene took one look at the mess and came to the same conclusion as Suzuka.

“What the hell, Aisha?” he snapped. “You can’t just take a leak wherever you want!”

“It wasn’t me!” Aisha protested. “It was… Jim…” Her voice faltered as she saw nobody believed her.

“Oh, please,” Jim scoffed. “I’d never do something like that. Besides, no human could produce that much urine; that has to come from a Ctarl-Ctarl.” With three pairs of accusing eyes on her, Aisha broke down.

“Okay, I admit it!” she shouted, tears welling in her eyes. “I peed on the floor! But it wasn’t my fault! I had to go really, really bad and I-”

“I warned you about this,” Gene interrupted.

“I’m so sorry!” Aisha cried. “Are- are you gonna punish me?” Gene was silent. “Well, are you?”

###

Aisha grumbled to herself as she swept the mop back and forth.

“This is humiliating,” she growled. “I’m a proud Ctarl-Ctarl warrior, not a janitor!”

“Hey,” said Gene, “less complaining, more mopping. You’ve still got a lot more to go.”

“Yeah, yeah,” Aisha sighed. She wrung out the mop and got back to cleaning up the mess she had made.

Next time, she thought, I’ll stop at one bottle.

###

