Kate and Alex

Author: peeacsfan

*000*2024-04-06 09:45

I wrote the story at the request of a girl (the real prototype of the heroine of the story), with whom I corresponded at that time. Most of the story is based on real events: such a story really happened to her, only then she peed under the stairs. In the story, she asked for a different ending, in which she loses her virginity.

Dedicated to Kate

Katya is a very beautiful, tall, slender girl. One day she went shopping with her parents. On this day, she wore her tight jeans, which accentuated her beautiful figure. Coming out of the entrance, she met with her neighbor Lesha. He was six years older than her, and she liked him very much. He often looked at Katya, and they smiled at each other. Katya was still a virgin, and already wanted to get rid of her.

They went shopping for two hours, and all this time Katya tried not to pay attention to the fact that she wanted to go to the toilet. But the desire intensified, and at some point the girl realized that she urgently needed to pee, but she did not want to tell her parents about it.

- Mom, Dad, I have a stomach ache, I'm probably going home, - And with these words she went home.

It wasn't very far to go, only four hundred meters, but Katya already really wanted to pee and was afraid that she wouldn't stand it and would shit herself right on the road. There was a lot of pressure in her lower abdomen, everything ached there, but Katya walked very quickly and persuaded herself to be patient a little longer. Finally, she somehow reached home, squeezing herself between her legs every now and then, while no one was looking, but her bladder was full and needed immediate relief right now. Katya wasn't sure she could make it. She went into the entrance, began to climb the stairs, but suddenly felt a strong sharp pain and a pain in her groin, realized that everything was going to pour! She sat down, but then she heard footsteps and ran under the stairs.

To her horror, it was Lyosha, and he saw her. A treacherous trickle escaped and soaked her panties, but Katya really did not want to pee in front of him - it would be a shame for her.

- hello! - He said, and Katya answered him in a strangled voice. - Katya, what are you doing under the stairs? - No, nothing, - blushing, she replied, and felt that now if she did not get up and shrink, she would completely pee herself, and abruptly jumped up, crossed her legs and squeezed herself between her legs - Lyosha, to be honest, I really need to go to the toilet. - Katya, come to me, I'll help you! And with that, he took her by the waist with his left hand, and squeezed her between her legs with his right, and they trudged to his apartment. He felt that she was already a little wet between her legs, and Katya again couldn't stand it a little and let out a trickle.

- Lyosha, I can't take it anymore, I'm going to pee myself! The girl whimpered. - Katya, I'll take you in my arms now, and you squeeze your hand between your legs and hold on, we'll definitely get there.

He carried her to the apartment in his arms, then put the girl down, and began to open the door himself. Katya at this time was jumping like crazy, walking back and forth and rubbing her hand between her legs. Finally, Lyosha opened the door, she kicked off her shoes and ran to the toilet, trying to unbutton her jeans on the go. The lightning did not obey, and then Lyosha came up to her and began to help. - Hurry up. Lyosha, hurry up, I can't do it anymore, I'm going to start talking now! Lyosha unzipped the zipper, but accidentally pressed on her bladder, Katya screamed and doubled over, and then it flowed out of her. Lyosha began to pull off her jeans, but when he saw a wet spot on her panties, and urine flowing down her legs right into her jeans, he was very excited by this sight. "Katyusha, bunny, sit down and pee," he said, and the girl sat down on the toilet right in her panties: they were already wet anyway.

Lyosha slipped his hand into her panties and began caressing her clitoris. Katya felt a buzz from the coming relief and from the touch of Lesha's hand, she even began to moan softly with pleasure. Lyosha pulled off her panties, so now he could see how she pees without them and how a stream escapes from her beautiful pussy. He began stroking her harder, and began kissing Katya passionately while she was writing. Katya finished writing, but she was all wet in the crotch, besides, she was also very excited.

"Well," she said with the flirtatious childishness inherent in a very young girl, "I pissed myself like a little girl. - It's okay, on the contrary, it's great, now I'll help you change.

Lyosha pulled off Katya's wet jeans, then her panties, then lifted her off the toilet and carried her to the bathroom, turned on the shower and began to lather her. He rubbed her crotch for a particularly long time. Katya hugged him tenderly, and they began to kiss. Lyosha stroked her ass, then began caressing her breasts and kissing her. He went down to her stomach, and then began to kiss her pussy. Katya was moaning all over. "Lyosha, I want you! Take me right now" His penis was already smoking and he inserted it into her pussy, Katya was so overexcited that she almost did not notice how her hymen tore, she saw how the water began to turn red from her blood, but after half a minute the blood stopped dripping.

Lyosha finished right on her tummy, but then he inserted his penis into her pussy again, and Katya felt a strong orgasm for the first time in her life a minute later. Then he dried her and carried her into the room, put her in a warm bed, where they made love again. He gave her a massage, after which they kissed again for a long time and had sex again, Katya finished several times for the first time. But she had to go home before her parents came, Lyosha gave her dry clothes so that she could walk to her apartment. Before leaving, she went to the toilet once more, but she did not close the door on purpose, so that Lyosha could see her. From then on, they started dating.

