The Night After Christmas

Author: Phentaiee

*000*2019-12-26 07:20

Twas a few days before Christmas, when all around the Earth, kids were nicely waiting for the man from the north.

But teens were rebellious, and young adults even worse, people in their twenties discarded his worth.

Santa had his gifts ready, his reindeer were trained, but hunters with no respect for his career remained.

While he was a nice old man, a jolly ol’ fellow, even he thought that these people were shallow.

A great elf of much importance to him, gave him an idea, to make up for the sin.

“Olivia, Emily!” He called into his office. And only moments later, two adorable elves entered, the two most gorgeous.

His plan involved making embarrassment run wild. To cause disbelievers to wet like a child.

To spike diuretics into the naughty people’s drinks, they would all make up for all their hijinks.

He assigned Olivia to the creation of a potion, and Emily to a role of much devotion.

He knew his reindeer were sought after these days, so something else would have to pilot his sleigh.

“In order to drive my sleigh on your own, my strongest elf’s strength has to be grown.”

“I’ll do whatever you ask! My muscles can grow! I’ll pull the sleigh right! I’ll put on a show!”

“Emily, my dear, it’s not your muscles you need, but a tolerance to pain, incredible pain indeed.”

A muscle must be made hard as a rock. To that muscle, the whole sleigh will dock.

Her assignment was simple, to drink double the water, but under no circumstances, to let any out of her.

Her bladder would grow and become stronger than steel, and a harness that digs into it will support the sleigh, it would be ideal.

Emily accepted without hesitation, her loyalty would overcome any painful sensation.

Olivia worked on a grand diuretic, a magical product, with an impossible trick.

All of the fluid drank by the user, would multiply quickly until their bladder was the loser.

Flooding the streets with their several strong streams, not a single person will live down this scene.

As Christmas day came, Olivia had perfected her craft. A hundred times stronger than her original draft.

Poor Emily had grown insufferably full, but not a single complaint was audible.

The only sound that ever escaped her, were the unavoidable moans from her impossibly full bladder.

Emily would head off alone on the very next day. The day after Christmas, to not ruin the holiday.

After hours of pain she thought she was at her limit, but the harness constricted around her proved her pain was only beginning.

Santa announced that there would be no sleigh. Emily’s bladder would do the heavy lifting that day.

Given the ability to temporarily fly, the huge door was opened for Emily’s route to the sky.

As Emily finally was able to lift, the harness dug into her, weighed down by the ‘gifts.’

Emily screamed in pain as the belt buckle dug in, but trying again, the sack began sliding.

The harder she pulled, the tighter the belt squeezed, but her solid bladder had the strength she needed.

As Emily rose painfully into the sky, the torture got to her, and she started to cry.

The coldness of the snow on her almost naked body, made her bladder hurt worse, she was absolutely desperate for the potty.

Emily continued on for several more hours, the belt’s ever tightening grip only increasing in power.

As the poor elf returned to her home, she was surprised to find a party was thrown.

To celebrate the success of Olivia’s magic, a ceremony for the two girls was set up real quick.

Emily completely forgot about the pain that she felt, she just drank elf wine and took off her belt.

The two girls brought their awards back to their home, hanging them on the wall to show off their golden chrome.

Emily rubbed her tummy, and opened the bathroom door, but Olivia couldn’t hold her urges back anymore.

“I want to see that hot piss explode out of you, let me in for this amazing view!”

Emily was shocked, her roommate was never like this! Not only did she like her, but she also liked piss?

Emily blushed and gladly agreed. Her secret love for Olivia would be finally revealed!

Emily let herself go, her scream impossible to soften, the jet of piss being released made her instantly orgasm.

She moaned louder than she ever thought was possible, as Olivia held her upwards so she didn’t become unstable.

Emily’s relief was like no other, unlike the disbelievers, her bladder was tougher.

Emily could’ve held any amount in there, and Olivia would be sure to have her fuller next year.

$$

Merry day after Christmas everyone! (Everyone who celebrates it)

My rhyming could use a little work, but I think this was a pretty nice story!

