Omovember 2020: Day 23

Author: PPP

*000*2020-11-25 23:15

$$

I've always wanted to do a Shantae story...

###

Day 23: On a boat Shantae +Risky Boots (Shantae)

###

Strange times made for strange bedfellows. Shantae, the half-genie guardian of Scuttle Town, was finding out just how true that was. Stripped of her magic powers and menaced by a mysterious evil known as the Pirate Master, she had been forced to team up with her arch-enemy: the busty buccaneer Risky Boots. The two unlikely allies were currently aboard Risky’s ship, the Tinker Tub Mark 2, headed to Saliva Island to seal off one of the Pirate Master’s sources of power.

“Wow,” Shantae marvelled, gazing out from the crow’s nest, “I never realized the ocean was so big!”

“You’ll be shocked to learn that it’s also wet,” snarked Risky. “Now will you get down from there?”

“Okay!” said Shantae, climbing down the ladder. Risky glared at her.

“What are you wearing?” she asked. The answers could have included red satin pants, a skimpy top, and gold jewelery, but Shantae figured that Risky was talking about the skull-adorned bandana on her head.

“Oh, this?” said Shantae. “I found it below deck! There were a ton of neat clothes, but most of them were too… roomy.”

“Stay out of my personal effects!” snapped Risky.

With her previous source of fun extinguished, Shantae turned to making small talk to keep herself entertained.

“Hey Risky?”

“What?”

“Why do you use those Tinkerbat creatures as your crew? Why not people?” Shantae asked.

“They’re easier to manage and they don’t talk back,” said Risky. “Any more stupid questions?”

“Where did you get that sweet skull-shaped top?” asked Shantae. “I think it would look good on me.”

“It’s a long story,” Risky replied. “And no, it wouldn’t.”

Disappointed, Shantae tried to think of another question to sate her boredom. She was mulling over a few ideas when she felt a familiar pressure in her midsection.

“Hey, um, Risky?” she asked, a little embarrassed.

“What now?” sighed Risky.

“Where’s the bathroom on this ship?” Shantae questioned. “I kinda have to go.”

“There is none,” said Risky bluntly. “The Tinker Tub Mark 1 had one, but you blew that ship up. So I’d say you brought this upon yourself.”

“No bathroom?” cried Shantae. “Why? How?”

“Well,” said Risky, “the Tinkerbats don’t exactly have the… equipment that would require one. As for me, I have my ways.”

“Um, what ways would those be?” asked Shantae, crossing her legs. Her desperation was getting worse by the second, and she was sure she’d agree to whatever Risky suggested.

“Not telling,” snapped Risky, turning away. “I’m sorry I even brought it up.”

“Please tell me!” Shantae begged, fidgeting in place. “I’m gonna pee my pants here!”

Risky looked at her and grinned, clearly enjoying her rival’s discomfort.

“Very well,” said the pirate. “But you have to promise you’ll stop bugging me.”

“Will do,” Shantae agreed.

“Okay then. What I do,” said Risky, “is stand up and pee over the side.”

Shantae was silent for a moment.

“What?” she shouted, once she found her voice. “But girls can’t do that! I know I can’t!”

“Seriously?” groaned Risky. “You don’t know how to pee standing up? It’s the most convenient way to pee! In fact, I pee-”

“Stop saying ‘pee’ so much!” cried Shantae, now holding herself, her bladder feeling fuller than ever. “I can’t hold it in much longer!”

“Well,” said Risky, “if you can’t do as I do, then I guess your only option is to wet your pants. What a shame.” Shantae’s face turned red. When she spoke up, it was barely a whisper.

“Teach me.”

“What?” said Risky.

“Teach me,” Shantae repeated. “I don’t wanna wet myself, and it sounds like this is the only way to avoid it. Please, show me how to do it.”

“Are you insane?” Risky yelled. “I’m not about to show you my… my-”

“Please!” Shantae interrupted. “Show me how, or your ship deck’s gonna be covered in half-genie pee! Besides, we have the same parts, don’t we?”

“Fine,” sighed Risky. “Anything to avoid you soiling my ship.”

“Thank you!” cried Shantae.

“Truth be told, I have to go too,” Risky admitted. The two headed over to the side of the ship.

“First thing’s first,” said Risky. “Take off your pants.” She groaned when Shantae hesitated. “Come on, you’re already practically walking around half-naked.”

“You’re one to talk,” said Shantae. She blushed deeply but did what she was told, removing her pants to reveal a wisp of purple hair.

“I guess the carpet matches the drapes,” quipped Risky.

“Please don’t stare,” Shantae whispered, covering herself. She felt a drop of pee leak out and run down her bare leg. “Risky, show me the rest, quick!”

“Okay,” said Risky, taking off her own pants. “Now pay attention. What you do is you take two fingers and make a V-sign.”

“Got it,” said Shantae, copying the movement.

“Now,” said Risky, “take those fingers and spread your… girl bits.”

“Like this?” asked Shantae, spreading open her folds. Risky took a look, and Shantae’s face burned hotter than ever.

“Good enough,” Risky told her. “Now thrust out your hips and pee!”

As Shantae watched, a golden stream flew from between Risky’s legs. It sailed forward in a neat arc before hitting the water several feet below. Seeing this caused Shantae to leak even more, but this time she didn’t try to stop it. Instead, she fully let go. She felt a massive amount of liquid flow through her, then her pee burst out in a chaotic spray that sent drops flying everywhere. It was a lot messier than Risky’s stream and shot out even farther before it lost height, striking the ocean with a loud splashing noise.

“Wow,” Risky commented, her stream now down to a trickle, “that is some impressive distance.”

“Haah… guh…” moaned Shantae. She was so caught up in an overwhelming feeling of relief that she didn’t hear a word the pirate was saying. Emboldened by the success of her standing pee, she pulled her fingers back a bit, causing her stream to shoot even higher.

“Lookit me!” cried Shantae, her brain flooding with pleasure. “I’m peein’ like a guy!”

“Mmm-hm,” said Risky in a bored tone, now fully dressed. “Let me know when you’re done.”

“Okay, but it might be a while!”

Shantae was right; it was a while before her bladder was finally empty. Once the last drop of pee had left her, she put her pants back on and headed over to Risky.

“Thanks for that,” she said cheerfully. “You’re a real life-saver!”

“I couldn’t let you pee all over my ship,” said Risky. “That lesson was as much for my sake as it was for yours.”

“Still, it was super helpful!” said Shantae. Then another question crossed her mind. “Risky?”

“Yes?” the pirate sighed.

“What do you do when you have to go number two?” Shantae asked.

“Oh, I just hold on tight and hang my butt over the side,” said Risky.

“Well that sounds-hey!” shouted Shantae. “Couldn’t you do that to pee too? Couldn’t I have just done that?”

“I guess,” Risky admitted. She grinned. “But wasn’t that more fun?”

“You know,” Shantae realized, “it kinda was!”

###

