Delays on the northern line

Author: Poseidon

*000*2023-01-12 14:41

Delays on the northern line

Anyone who ever travels regularly on the Tube in London knows that it is often crowded, even in supposedly off-peak times and, although it’s getting better, is notorious for delays. In fact since moving to London to a job in marketing travelling on the Tube every day has been the only real downside, as well as the cause of a rather embarrassing incident a couple of months ago.

My office is near Leicester Square, about a half hour tube journey on the Northern Line from my flat in Woodside Park, with walking time about a 50 minute journey in all, which is quite good for a London commute. I’ve done this journey for about 18 months now so am used to the usual signal failures, engineering delays and all the other factors that conspire to make the journey more difficult. I also discovered early on that Tube stations don’t have toilets when, early on in the job, I arrived at Leicester Square one morning with a seriously bursting bladder. Fortunately I was able to dash into a nearby coffee shop, but it was a close call. After that I was careful about drinking too much tea or coffee before getting the train, just in case I was caught short again.

@@I soon discovered that there was an office tradition of drinks after work on a Friday evening. Getting home would have been my preference but I had little choice but join in, even though I’m not a great drinker. Since the boss always bought the first drinks it was expected that everyone stayed as long as she did. I always tried to keep to small quantities of usually soft drinks but when the boss gives you a large glass of wine it’s difficult to refuse it and so I often drank more than I really wanted. Fine, except that alcohol makes me pee and although I was always careful to use the Ladies before heading home I was often pretty desperate at the end of my Tubejourney and of course still had a 10 minute walk home. How I always made it without having a bad accident I’ll never know as several times my knickers were quite damp by the time I finally reached my bathroom. There were times on these late evening journeys when I really was not sure of my ability to hold on, especially when the train was delayed for any reason. It can be more than a little nerve wracking to be stuck in a Tube train with a bursting bladder knowing there is absolutely nothing you can do about. I’ve often seen other women obviously desperate as well, sitting with legs tightly crossed, or with restless legs banging their thighs together and wriggling about to help hold it. Others have been standing up, blatantly pee dancing and while I’ve never seen anyone actually have a visible accident in front of me I have seen several women, usually on the station platform but occasionally on the train that had clearly wet themselves at some point.

@@Typically this would be a rather drunken young woman with a group of friends who were now making great fun of her for wetting her jeans or knickers and tights. It made me smile, till I realised that it might have been me in that position. Anyway, I’d seen enough drunken girls wet themselves while at uni that it seemed almost normal. One case was different though and involved a well-dressed woman in her thirties. She had dashed onto the train at Goodge Street looking very flustered and sat a few seats down from me on the opposite side of the unusually empty carriage, immediately squeezing her legs tightly together and fidgeting in a very obvious way. I was pretty sure she was very desperate and when I caught her eye she blushed deeply which rather confirmed it. I half expected her to get off at Euston, where there are toilets in the mainline station but she remained in her seat. I watched her out of the corner of my eye as she continued to wriggle uncomfortably, feeling rather sorry for her in her plight having been

The train pulled into East Finchley and I knew there were only eight minutes to my stop. But the train didn’t move. Five minutes passed then came an announcement that we were waiting for a signal problem to be resolved though no time was given. Another five minutes passed, same announcement and still we sat there by which time my need to pee was becoming urgent – it was nearly an hour since I’d last been to the loo and if we didn’t move soon I was going to be in trouble. Another five minutes and finally the train began to move, though very slowly. At Finchley Central we stopped and just waited yet again.

By now I was getting frantic, wriggling about and squeezing my thighs together, a picture in my mind of that poor woman who had wet herself near this very station. If we didn’t move soon that woman would be me. I glanced around, realising that the only people in the carriage were a couple of older women dozing at the far end of the car, otherwise I was alone. At least this meant that I could do something I wouldn’t normally do - I slid my hand down the waistband of my skirt to hold myself between my legs such was my desperation by this point. Squeezing myself certainly helped but I soon found that with the pressure my clit I began to get quite turned on and not a little bit wanton. It’s not quite the done thing for a grown woman to be sitting on a Tube train effectively masturbating to stop from wetting herself!

In something of a reverie I was not prepared for the sudden jerk as the train re-started and momentarily lost my concentration on controlling my by now very twitchy bladder. Suddenly my knickers felt warm and I clamped down immediately, realising that I had sprung a leak. I’m not sure how I managed to stop myself but with my hand still down my skirt I could feel that the gusset of my knickers and the tops of my thighs were now quite wet and hoped my skirt was still dry. At least I was wearing dark blue so a wet patch would probably not show. Of more concern was whether I was actually going to be able to get off the train before I soaked my seat!

Fortunately the train carried on through the next station and a couple of minutes later pulled into my stop. Now I had to get off, which meant not only standing up but removing the hand that was clamped over by quivering pee hole. Disaster beckoned! I was sitting by the doors so waited till they opened then as quick as I could stood up and stepped out onto the platform. As I did so I felt a hot trickle of pee down my thighs and had to stand still momentarily to regain control, realising that a complete loss of control was imminent. There was no way I was going to make it home, certainly not dry as I’d obviously already wet my knickers quite badly.

Strangely, give the predicament I was in I felt quite calm, almost resigned to the fact that I was shortly going to have a very embarrassing accident and there was no way I could avoid it. Struggling to contain myself I hobbled towards the exit, dribbling pee down my legs as I continued to leak. The few others who had got off the train at the same time as me had already disappeared and I was now alone on the platform so at least only the CCTV would witness the humiliation of a 24 year old account executive as she publicly emptied her bladder in her knickers and down her legs.

Hoping that I could make it past the ticket barrier before the dam burst I hobbled another couple of steps but it was no good – it was going to happen any second. At that point I was standing by one of those metal benches with holes in the seat and realised that I might be better off wetting myself while sitting down rather than soaking my legs. There was no way I could get my skirt out of the way but at least my accident might be less obvious thanks to its dark colour. I quickly plonked my bottom down, for some reason still trying to maintain control, my natural conditioning I expect women as my age don’t normally wee themselves in public. I even pushed my hand back down my skirt and squeezed myself again, amazed at the warmth and wetness of my now soaking pants.

Then I lost it. My bladder erupted as if I had just sat on the loo rather than fully clothed on a station seat. A hot flood welled up between my thighs and I quickly opened my legs but too late to save the front of my skirt while hot pee tickled my bottom as it poured through my knickers, tights and skirt before cascading through the seat onto the platform. As I still had my hand down my skirt I peed over that as well, for some reason still squeezing myself to stop the unstoppable. God the relief! I don’t think there had been many times I had needed to go that badly, let alone wet myself, well, in public at any rate. Then, as I sat there dripping, my now throbbing clit sending pins and needles through my lower regions it happened – I had an orgasm!

I’m not sure how long it was before I came back to reality, hopefully not too long but as I did I quickly pulled my hand out from under my skirt and looking around saw that I was thankfully still alone. I must have looked a sight, surrounded by a puddle of pee my skirt and underwear soaking wet and with a face flushed with both embarrassment and post-orgasmic glow. But now I had to get out of the station before anyone came or the next train arrived so taking a deep breath I stood up and with my wet skirt clinging to my legs and bottom and the novel feeling of warm wet knickers and tights walked, or rather waddled to the exit, terrified I might meet somebody.

Fortunately the only person at the barrier was a female ticket collector who noticing my soggy state simply smiled and said, “I see you had a good evening luv!” as I walked through. The streets were almost deserted and quite poorly lit so I don’t think anyone else saw the state I was in and I was soon in the safety of my flat and could survey the damage.

The whole back of my skirt was soaked and there was a further large wet area on the front and though the dark blue hid the worst of it the wetness was still visible to anyone who might have given me more than a cursory glance. Removing the skirt, I dropped it into the bath and ran some water to rinse it out a little. With my jacket off I now stood in just my blouse bra and wet underwear and looking at myself in the full-length mirror saw that there was hardly a dry spot on my knickers; the whole seat and front were wet while the wet streaks on my tights reached below my knees. I couldn’t believe just how wet I was as till now I’d never had an accident that resulted in much more than a wet knicker gusset.

Fascinated by what I’d done I ran my had over my bottom and over my thighs, then between my legs, flushing as I recalled the way I had had an orgasm as I peed myself. I had sometimes almost made myself come at other times when rubbing to hold a full bladder but on those occasions had dashed to the loo at the last minute and then finished off the deed afterwards, afraid I might wet myself when I came. Suddenly, a link between a full bladder, which is something I quite enjoyed in private and sexual pleasure became clear, I’d just never let it get to the point of coming and wetting, certainly not wetting, though I had come close sometimes such as masturbating with a full bladder in bed in the morning to avoid getting up. Afraid of a wet bed I’d always stopped before an accident, though subconsciously I think I missed the relief it might have given.

@@I squeezed myself again, realising that I rather liked the feeling of wet knickers on my most sensitive parts. I also needed to pee again so, throwing a towel on the floor frantically rubbed myself and deliberately peed myself again, further soaking by pants and tights, hot pee coursing down my legs as I had another very satisfying orgasm. Coming back to reality I stripped off my wet things and threw them and my skirt into the washing machine before showering and heading for bed. I slept like a log, waking about eight the following morning, relaxed but again dying for a pee. As I held myself I thought about last night’s events, continuing to caress myself as I did so till I a spasm in my overfull bladder sent a hot trickle of wee into silky pyjamas. Quickly jumping out of bed I dashed into the bathroom, wee running down my leg as I did so and simply sitting down on the toilet, pyjamas still on and wetting myself yet again. A quick rub and ecstasy overwhelmed me once more. What a discovery I had made.

I have to admit that I have repeated the experiment several times since, though always in private as I’d rather not suffer the horrors of wetting myself in public again, at least not yet. That’s not to say that I haven’t come uncomfortably close to another public accident - I only just made it in time last Friday evening after more Tube delays. My knickers were already quite wet when I reached home and I simply finished off the job sat on the loo with them still on, pleasuring myself as I did so. My bed also has a waterproof mattress cover now but it hasn’t yet been put to the test. Telling this story though has made me rather ‘itchy’ so who knows what will happen tomorrow morning.

