Tour de France

Author: Peter-P

*000*2021-09-30 07:12

Tour de France

(This fictive story contains a lot of never ending female desperation but no wetting)

We are in the year 2035 and sports has gotten much harder by a lot of new records. And there is an extraordinary novelty: The first female cyclist taking part of the original male Tour de France. This time I am the reporter to have an interview with her after winning – she really did – the tour. And I am proud about it, same as interested, how she managed all her fluid, she could not empty from her bike same as her male colleagues can do… I think our spectators from sportsTV our channel will be interested too.

Deborah “Deb” Joyner is a beautiful woman of just 5’ 2’’ (157.5 cm) with great legs and a sporty trained body. She was not as gaunt as many of her male colleagues are, but you can see her career from a ballet dancer to a fitness trainer with some influence of hard physics training same as her triathlon qualities – but all in all she is extremely female and absolutely very sexy looking. Deb’s ass is fascinatingly round and hard and her bosom could decorate a movie star. She has dark brown hair and beautiful hazel eyes, which can look that sexy, that it will be difficult not to forget my text in the interview.

Now we are on the air. Deb takes my breath away, but can we please start the interview now...?

She stood in front of me and was so much smaller than me. I thought about a stack of books to bring our eyes to the same level. But the time was too short for this. Deb must have guessed my thoughts. She stepped onto her absolute tiptoes as she had been done as a ballet dancer and smiled at me with a twinkle in her eyes. We could start!

“Congratulations Deb!”, I hear my voice in the earphone, “you are the first woman, doing the male Tour de France with the males – and this first time you promptly won the tour with a big distance to the next cyclist.”

“Yes, I had a long and hard training and I had to concentrate to reach the finish as soon as possible anyhow.”

“You did a lot of sports before and now took part to the male Tour de France with the males. The court decided, that you have the same rights as the male cyclists and cannot be banned from participating in the original Tour.”

“Yes, It was a long and hard fight at the court, same as it is a hard fight on the Tour!”, Deb smiles in her inimitable sexy way. I start sweating and have trouble to concentrate. But there also seems to be a certain interest in her eyes – that is encouraging and stabilizing me again.

“You did a lot of other sports before. You started as a ballet dancer and made it to the prima ballerina of the New York City Ballet. Then you left them and started an own fitness centre with a friend, did the triathlon same as the double triathlon, then trained for the bodybuilding championship first in fitness then in physics, but also won the quintuple triathlon in the same year. How did you reach that? Physics needs a lot of strong muscles and a triathlon needs an enduring and lean light weight body.”

"You're right, but I trained both at the same time – and so I found my personal compromise to show enough and well-defined, medium heavy endurance muscle and physical strength to show. And you're right, every ounce of muscle I have to drag with all my might over the triathlon distance. But that's pure training and willpower!"

"And along with this compromise, you have maintained and developed a physical and facial beauty that even we sports reporters very rarely see in our professional or personal lives...!"

“Thank you! – but you also don’t look bad…!”

Oups, now the arrow from Armour has hit me full on… I was not able to say my next sentence in this moment. Deb was the absolute ideal of a fascinating sexy, very very sporty and so beautiful woman – and she – yes she gave compliments to me? Her eyes looked into mine – and I just hoped she was not just playing a game with the sports reporter by simply passing the ball back to him...!

I had to concentrate to come back into my interview. And the next and last point was difficult, even without her sexy look into my eyes.

“Deb”, I heard my voice from far away, “Deb, there is another question many of our viewers are interested in.” I took a little break to concentrate. “The tour de France is one of the toughest cycling races over a long distance and with great differences in altitude. The segments are really long and without any stops. You start in the morning and are on tour until the afternoon. And you have to drink a lot to be able to manage these efforts. The male colleagues are allowed to pee from their bikes if necessary, if they are out of towns and no spectators looking. They are even allowed to push a team comrade along while he is peeing. So the question: You ride the tour without your own team – and you as a woman cannot pee off the bike without wetting yourself. Wet clothes on your bike seat would cause bad sores on your skin. Deb, sorry to ask, but how do you manage? Did you do any extra training for that muscle too?”

Debbie smiled at me, her feet moved and she tried to cross and squeeze her legs tight for a second. Then she again looked at me with her special sexy smile. She was still standing on her tip toes – as ballet dancers say ‘en pointe’. Was that caused this movement? But to get a more stable stance, you don't try to squeeze your legs, but you try to spread your legs… Then a suspicion arose in me: she had been on her bike all day, then it was just the time with the congratulations until the award ceremony on the stairs, the big champagne bottle had been shaken and the 3 winners had splashed each other. After that I had waited only briefly as the makeup artists washed and dried Deb's long hair so she would look good on TV. And now she was standing in front of me – with her bladder so extremely full – and I even asked her about her bladder control l now of all times…

Deb started with a little tremble in her voice: “I never liked toilets, specially no public ones. I often danced long ballets and had no chance to pee then. On triathlons it is possible to pee, but it takes valuable time. And on my bike I am able to sit, so it is not a real problem for a real woman. The only real problem is to win the Tour – and this I did !”

I could not withstand and asked: “But your male colleagues also have to pee. What is your secret? You cannot cross and squeeze your legs tight, you have to drink a lot – how much did you drink today? And you need a lot of air, so you cannot even press your lips together, when it gets hard. Partly you have to stand up to get more power to climb a mountain… How do you manage over all the hours?”

Debbie now started to really get nervous. The camera was on her and I could see her to clench her thighs. She still was standing ‘en pointe’. Her thighs started to tremble a little, but she saw my eyes looking to her legs and crotch and she promptly stopped to show any further signs of desperation. I felt caught in my act and got a little embarrassed. Deb looked at me, smiled, twinkled and then answered:” That is right. I am just human and I need to pee really urgent on the Tour. I daily consume about 6 to 10 litres of water and energy drinks, according to the weather and the difficulty of the stage of the Tour to go. No bladder contains so much fluid, but when it is full, it cannot fill anymore. Then I just have to wait until I reach the daily finish line. There is definitely no chance to go before for a female cycling racer, so I try to come to the finish line as soon as even possible. Probably this is my secret to win…”

“Thank you for this interview and I hope to see you again on the victory stairs also the next Tour! – This was Peter P. for SportsTV”

“Thank you too and bye to your watchers!”, Deb smiled to me and then into the camera.

When the camera and microphone were off, I looked at Deb and asked her, if she would like to enjoy a dink with me. She looked into my eyes for a long time. Now she did not smile…!

Then she asked me: “You know my situation, but still want to prolong me holding such a heavy and high pressure load of water? I can do that on my saddle and while moving my legs, but to stop and getting up after reaching the finish and standing straight upright right after is pure torture. Splashing with all that champagne was like pee – but my poor bladder was not allowed to. Do you like my agony?”

She added:” I liked you from the first second, but now I doubt…!”

“Sorry!”, I stammered, “it’s not your pain fascinating me. I am totally fascinated in you, your sexy eyes, your fabulous body, your way to talk – and when I found out, that you still haven't peed – and how much and hard you can hold it in all the time, even when talking about your bladder – that just made me horny. It was pure fascination how you are capable of such superhuman athletic performance. And so I tried to prolong that just bit more, because it is so fascinating to me…”

Deb looked deeply into my eyes and then asked me: “Do you want to let me wait until I wet myself after holding back for hours and doing the interview with you with my bladder’s last power?”

“No, I want – I would like to see – I just dream about you being strong, a strong athlete, a strong winner and a superhuman woman, who is able to hold her so overfilled and strained bladder even a little longer – for me…”, I told her with a trembling voice. “Do you think you will solve this for just one drink’s time?”

Debbie now again smiled at me. Her sexy eyes really hit me. “I like challenges!“ she told me. Let me dress and then be my guest for the whole evening and let’s see, how strong and enduring my bladder muscles and willpower can be…!”

I still was a little embarrassed, but Deb gave me a quick kiss onto my cheek, her face was lowering in front of me, as Debbie before stood on her tip toes, and then she went towards the houses and disappeared.

The next 10 minutes I stood there, totally fascinated and fancied, unable to get my dick under control.

Then somebody touched my shoulder and I looked into Debbie’s fascinating beautiful face. She again smiled and I enjoyed her warm looking eyes. She directly looked into my eyes on same level again. Did she again stand on her tip toes, I wondered and looked down her legs and for her feet.

Deb now wore a white micro short skirt and her brown and sexy muscular legs were fabulous. At her feet she was wearing a pair of extremely high heeled pumps. How high I could not see from my position.

“Wow!”, I heard my voice from far away. And Debbie stepped back to give me a full view onto her. Her skirt was extremely short and more than tight. Her t-shirt showed her fascinating tits and her nipples were erected. She wore no bra, but her big breast stood by itself. She must have worn a sports bra while her cycling. Now Deb for me turned around slowly. Her ass was so extremely fascinating, her legs and calves. And then I saw her heels. She wore a pair of 6” stiletto heels, thinner than a pencil. Debbie shook her open, lovely curled dark brown hair, and then watched me, sexily looking over her shoulder. Now she turned around, came back towards me, laughing and asked me: “What are you looking at me feet?”. She knew the answer, but she obviously liked to do some direct questions.

“I just look at your so high heels!”, I told her, all my fascination was openly in my voice. “How can you walk on these even just after the tour? Most woman cannot even walk proper on 3” or 4” heels.”

“Don’t you like to walk with me, while I am wearing high heels?”, Deb asked.

“I am really fascinated in high heels, specially if a beautiful woman is wearing them, who can properly walk on it. The higher the better – then.”

Deb smiled: “We can go to my hotel and I can change my shoes.”

“Do you have some even higher with you? – On the tour?”, I wondered.

“I am a little crazy!”, Deb answered playfully, “I can go on every heel height you want me to do. – And I will drink a lot of non-alcoholic and diuretic drinks and I will not pee – as long as you can stand it!”

“As I can stand it? Me?”

“Yes, my former friends all could not stand it seeing me holding my pee much too long. I can get all or nearly every man I want, but I lost them all…”

“Lost them, because your bladder was too full...???”

“Yes, that and my high heels! I really liked you from the first moment, but I now have to find out, if you can stand my crazy peculiarities and quirks. I don’t ever want to fall in love just to soon afterwards lose a man because of this. Either we match or I will have to end it before I completely fall in love!”

I had trouble to concentrate. This fascinating woman in front of me, the most fascinating woman of the world, who could have every man on earth and maybe in the universe was willing to get my girlfriend? I felt my knees weaken. Deb took my shoulders and held me with a strong grip. Yes, she was a fitness trainer and top in bodybuilding too. But she was the most sexy woman on earth too – not just for me…!

“OK, I think your full bladder will never be a problem for me. I before had a girlfriend holding her pee to the very last moment and then often got into trouble, because there was no loo in the critical moment. But she ever reached a clean toilet in time anyhow.”, I I appeased sexy Debbie.

"And how high are your highest heels? And at what heel height can you still walk properly?", I asked. "I think you don't have such a big shoe size that there are much higher heels than 6"...? - Of course, without platform and without ballet shoes!".

(6" = 15 cm)

“Right, I have small feet and 6”, partly 6.3” in my size is the maximum on the market, but I asked a shop to let the producer make some with 7” heels for me. And sure, platforms I don’t like too! Ballet shoes I just wear while ballet dancing, not the fetish ones!” (6.3” = 16 cm and 7” = 18 cm).

“And in your size you can walk properly even on 7" heels?” – “If I wouldn’t be able I would train for it anyhow!”

Now I was encouraged to come back to her bladder: “Debbie, how can you wear such a tight skirt with your so overly full poor bladder?”

“I just pull in my belly, no matter how it aches and spasms and cramps. If I pull in my belly, my bladder cannot fill too much and so it doesn’t make me too much trouble on my bicycle, when my thighs pitiless go up and down, squeezing and massaging my bladder. When it gets worse, I just start to wish to let my abs muscles allow my bladder to get more space, but if my swollen bladder collides and gets kneaded with my thighs at every turn of the pedal, that would be too much even for me!”

We walked to Debbie’s hotel and I saw her getting more and more nervous. When we stepped out of the lift, Deb pressed her now trembling legs together and moaned a little.

“Hey, Deb, don’t give up now – it is just starting!”, I quietly shouted to her.

“Sorry, but today it gets worse. I don’t know, if I can hold it much longer…”, Deb replied, “Probably it is just because my clean bathroom is so near , I so long waited for, but it really was a hard day for my bladder today.”

“I don’t want you to empty your bladder this soon. You were such a fascinating holder. What happened?”

“Yesterday I was really tired from the tour and so fell asleep before my evening pee. I had just bad dreams, but woke up not before morning. It was late, much too late then. I had not rea­lized the alarm clock and my coach was knocking, more hammering, at the door. My first look was the clock, and it was too late to have a shower! So just I jumped out of my bed and the same moment my eyes filled with tears. My bladder was so overly full, rockhard heavy and swollen, it looked like I was pregnant in last trimester… The pain was indescribably and hit my complete body. I felt my pee filling my urethra and did all to hold it in.

My coach again hammered at the door. I was unable to answer – and I knew I was unable to go on tour with all this water in me. So I hobbled towards the bathroom, locked the door – and while that my rooms door was opened with a key. I just could grab my clothes sat onto the loo and while an extreme jet of piss hit the bowl, I anyhow tried to get into my bike-clothes. My coach knocked at my bathroom door and shouted, that if I would not be at the start within 5 minutes, they would disqualify me. He of cause exaggerated, but in that moment I anyhow cut my peeing and came out of the bathroom, not even flushed the loo… In this state we drove to the start line in a police car, inside I took on my shoes and by this felt my bladder throbbing in protest to the cut stream. I realized my so swollen belly, pulled it in and put my shoes on.”

“And in that state you won the last part, the fighting stage of the Tour de France...?”

“Yes, it was hell and never ending torture. I hurried up much too fast to solve the complete distance, but my bladder drove me crazy. Anyhow I held my belly pulled in, got not enough air to cycle, but I did it. My bladder spasmed and got cramped more and more, my urethra felt full of pee too, but I was in such an adrenaline situation, that I just functioned…”

“…an won!”

“Yes, and when I stopped my legs wild movement, I nearly died. Adrenaline slowed down, my kidneys tried to press it into my bladder. My bodybuilder abs muscles pressed my bladder from outside not to look like pregnant. Then I nearly lost control, when standing up from my saddle…!”

“…and you had to answer stupid questions instead of having the so urgently needed break to pee, to finish your interrupted morning piss, the piss of your life…”

“Yes, the morning piss…!”, Debbie started to cry.

“And then the champagne shower, the make-up artist's hair wash instead of letting out your own water. And then my stupid questions about your bladder…!”

“That is OK, I love you for that questions, even if this was a new just more agonizing moment, but I saw your interest into my extreme pee holding – and I really fell in love. Before I just liked you more than most others.” Debbie smiled to me in her pain.

“Debbie, please show me how swollen your bladder is.”

“I will not be able to get back into this tight skirt then – and you seemed to like it…!”

“I like you – with or without that skirt!”

Deb opened her so extremely tight micro skirt, which was still dry, same as her white panties under it. Dry and clean. No drop had escaped!

“But please don’t get into shock! I will pull back in my belly again, if you disgust or just don’t like it! Please tell me – I won’t lose you!!!”

Deb shifted her panties a little down with both hands and then her belly grew and grew and grew horribly. A giant bulge from her public bone to nearly her lower rips bulged out even more and more. It now was about 2.5” (6 cm) prominent and it still came out as to explode every second. Now 4” (10 cm) prominent, it stopped. “Shall I stop?”, poor Debbie asked me in pain.

“Will your belly hurt when you let it bulge out a little more?”, my first reaction was.

“No, in the morning it was a bigger melon in me…!”, Debbie groaned, herself shocked from this sight.

“Let me see it in it’s total size, if your skin will survive…!”

At 4.5” (ca. 11.5 cm) it stopped.

“Can you look at it, or shall I better pull it in again immediately?”, Deb whispered.

“Let’s find out, how big your bladder gets, if you drink a lot and let your abs muscles relaxed!”, was my spontaneously said idea. I was firmly convinced, that a female goddess, who was able to win the Tour de France with such an overfilled bladder would also be able to fill her bladder to the absolute possible limit – and hold it in for one more hour. And she had invited me to go out with her one night – and even drink more on top now. I would insist, that she accompany me to a bar – after she had retracted her bladder again, of course....

Debbie filled a 3 litre bottle with pure water and started drinking. She downed half of it in one big gulp, as she drank a lot while sports. Her eyes were wide open and I could see sheer panic in it.

“That task will be extremely hard to solve, but I love you and I will do everything for you!”, Deb whispered.

Her wide open eyes looked into mine and I could see her pain and she was afraid to explode I knew by now. Sheer superhuman force and willpower had clamped her morning pee stream for now probably 12 hours. Her abs muscles had pressed it in and the pressure must have increased to a never known level. What an unbearable pain, what endless pain, what frustration not to be able to pee out this masses of water without loosing all. She would have lost the Tour and press would have print her picture with wet pants. The world would have laughed about her, the woman, who went to court to be allowed to pee her pants on the Tour de France… Yes, they would send women back behind the stove to cook for the family. Nobody would enter her fitness centre any more. Every contest she would start for, would be bad publicity for her. So she held it in with all her force. Just 10 more minutes, just 10 more again, just 1 more minute, just 1 more kilometre, just the next meter, just one more second…

Debbie told me about her thoughts and feelings. And she went through all states again. I saw her pain, her exhaustion, her desperation. I could imagine as she frantically turned her pedals, stepped and kicked it furiously to reach the bathroom, which was a day and hundreds of kilometres with some high and steep mountains away. How really bad must that have been. And at the end the feeling to loose the saddle, which before had pushed her pee back in, which closed and sealed her pee hole.

Even not being able to struggle wildly any more, after she reached the finish line. Just wait to for the loo, standing and smiling, while she was in such an urgent need and in such a hurry and infinite torture. Answer questions about training, sports, power, being a woman, her process she won at the court weeks ago. She had to pee so bad – now!!! Why all this procedure??? It was so urgent and she was unable to hold it just one more second…! It was burning so bad, her so extremely overfull bladder was so hard, pressed into so little space. She could not show all this, not her pain, not her bursting to exploding bladder and belly, was not allowed to just twist and squeeze her legs tight, would have had to hold her crotch or at least tap from foot to foot.

And then the champagne splashing. OK, she won, but damned, she didn’t not want to go onto the victory stairs to be seen from everybody in the world in this state of extreme torture. The only thing she wanted to do, was to let out all her yesterday's, night and morning pee! And all the water she had drunk on top to keep hydrated during the race. Then she opened the bottle. It was so big and heavy! Stemming a heavy bottle was not so hard for her, a decorated female bodybuilder, but this battle with the bottle… It was as high as her upper body and all that fluid inside – same as inside her. She shook it, her bladder revolted, she had to bend over in a major spasm. She had these bladder spasms and cramps all few kilometres on the tour, but now she had to stand here and not show any sign of a full bladder ready to explode or to blast the way free for her pee to escape.

Her poor body must think any blockade would close her pee hole and all the high pressure water seemed to be blocked to damage her kidneys. She could understand, why her body automatically tried to push it out with all it’s force, but she had to keep it in with all her willpower and conscious force. She opened the cork of the bottle and held her bladder shut and closed. All the fluid jetted out of the bottle – but she had to hold in her own jet of her body's fluid. So much inspiration, how it could be, if just there were no people, no cameras…! She never was so desperate. Yes, she had a strong bladder and she liked to hold her pee in at parties. She won every pee holding contest, even won bodybuilding strength contests with a really full bladder.

But she never filled her bladder to bulge out as obscene as in this morning. And now Debby pulled in her belly to look normally – and then drank. OK, when she went to her toilet after a long evening and a lot of wine or beer and a lot of water too, her bladder got prominent after she relaxed her abs muscles, but just about 2” or 2.5” (5-6 cm), never this extreme.

Oh god, she was hit by the water, no from champagne, on her victory stairs. It was cold and wet – the feeling she could not just think about actually. Her clothes got soaked. She was so desperate, wanted to do the pee pee dance, to bend over, to hold her crotch, to get beamed up to the hotel, but she had to play this cruel torturous game for the spectators and cameras…

When it was over, she tried to reach the next house, but her coach held her back. Didn’t he do enough bad to her this morning? She knew, her thoughts were not fair, but it was so cruel…!!!

“You have a TV interview now. SportsTV wants to spread the news all over the world now. Think what we talked about and tell them what you did. Do good things and talk about!”

Debbie felt like a little child now. She was so strong and just this little muscle inside her should destroy it all at the end? It was quite impossible to hold this pressure back any more. No saddle – no longer hold it! What a cruel torturous day! All the pain just to wet her pants in front of a TV camera to send her predicament all over the world…!?

Then the make-up artist had to wash her long curled hair. Never sportsmen had to wash their hair before an interview, but she had to. And just this time… Her bladder tortured her so bad, the pee needed to come out – now! And to now even get warm water over her head – warm water as her hot pee down inside her…

Then her hair got dried – endlessly. She should have cut it before the tour… The hair drier sounded as the noise of a water jet hissing out of her – every sound was a hissing actually. Deb could feel major spasms in her bladder. She did not move anyhow, but in her agony wondered, how she was able to stand more than 2 or 3 major spasms directly one after the other. That was absolutely impossible, but actually it worked – anyhow. Was that good? Wouldn’t it be better to let it out now? No camera here, but just the stylist… Again and again she asked this question to herself – and than it was too late. “You are ready, stand up please!”

No, she was absolutely not ready, same as she was not ready in the morning, when her coach let her stand up!

Debbie stood up as driven by a remote control, could not believe, what she did. And a big, a giant wave from her bladder hit her, followed by another series major spasms. Yes, she had stood up with her so full bladder. Her bladder protested and her body agreed to that – just all these people wanted her to wait longer and longer and longer – until it was too late. She nearly cried. She was just a human being, not wonder woman and not god… Even wonder woman would have peed in her state, she was quite sure. That was a fact. She obviously just dreamed. Such a pressure was impossible. It was just her dream from the morning… She should wake up before all this would happen, before her coach entered her room…!

Brave Debbie went to the place, where the camera and the transmission truck was. Then there was a man with a microphone, who looked at her fascinated. Deb came back to reality and realized, that this was the reporter – and she liked him. She would hold all her pee just for him, not for TV or all people on earth, but for him!

Debbie realized, that she – again in her life – was too small for her interviewer. He seemed to think about it. He looked at his watch and it seemed to give a problem. Deb was a ballet dancer before and was able to dance ‘en pointe’ – and for this guy she would dance. Deb raised up to her absolute tip toes. Her bike shoes blocked her feet to bend and she took all her strong calves' power and her eyes came up to his eyes level. Her exhausted calves protested threatened to cramp, but there was no way to go back down now.

Then the questions came. That reporter seemed to fall in love – or already was in. She smiled at him. Her bladder's protest was horror and sheer agony, but she would do her best for this man.

Then he told her, that he was fascinated about her beauty and body. Everybody liked her, but she did not like everybody. But this guy was a man she liked and she told it to him: “Thank you! – but you also don’t look bad…!”

Obviously the arrow from Armour totally hit him… He for a short time was not able to say his next sentence… Debbie looked into his eyes and felt deep emotions.

Then that man asked her about her bladder – oh please not about my bladder, pee, pain, my swollen belly, ready to explode, please no!

“The tour de France is one of the toughest cycling races over a long distance and with great differences in altitude. The segments are really long and without any stops. You start in the morning and are on tour until the afternoon. And you have to drink a lot to be able to manage these efforts. The male colleagues are allowed to pee from their bikes if necessary, if they are out of towns and no spectators looking. They are even allowed to push a team comrade along while he is peeing. So the question: You ride the tour without your own team – and you as a woman cannot pee off the bike without wetting yourself. Wet clothes on your bike seat would cause bad sores on your skin. Deb, sorry to ask, but how do you manage? Did you do any extra training for that muscle too?”

Debbie tried to smile, was able to smile at this guy, she would do everything for actually. Then she felt an urge like never before in her life, her feet moved and she tried to squeeze her legs for a second. Then she again was looking at the reporter with her special sexy smile.

“Would that man have a suspicion about my actual feeling?”, Debbie thought, “about my so extremely full bladder – and he even asked her about her bladder control…”

Deb started with a little tremble in her voice: “I never liked toilets, specially no public ones. I often danced long ballets and had no chance to pee then. On triathlons it is possible to pee, but it take valuable time. And on my bike I am able to sit, so it is not a real problem for a real woman. The only real problem is to win the Tour – and this I did !”

Oh no, he asked more into this direction, Deb was no more able to hold it any further second!

“But your male colleagues also have to pee. What is your secret? You cannot cross and squeeze your legs tight, but you have to drink a lot – how much did you drink today? And you need a lot of air, so you cannot even press your lips together, when it gets hard. Partly you have to stand up to get more power to climb a mountain… How do you manage over all the hours?”

Debbie now started to really get nervous. The camera was on her and I could see her to clench her thighs. She still was standing ‘en pointe’. Her thighs started to tremble a little, but she saw my eyes looking to her legs and crotch and she promptly stopped to show any further signs of desperation. I felt caught in my act and got a little embarrassed. Deb looked at me, smiled, twinkled and then answered:” That is right. I am just human and I need to pee really urgent on the Tour. I daily consume about 6 to 10 litres of water and energy drinks, according to the weather and the difficulty of the stage of the Tour to go. No bladder contains so much fluid, but when it is full, it cannot fill anymore. Then I just have to wait until I reach the daily finish line. There is definitely no chance to go before for a female cycling racer, so I try to come to the finish line as soon as even possible. Probably this is my secret to win…”

“Thank you for this interview and I hope to see you again on the victory stairs also the next Tour! – This was Peter P. for SportsTV”

(...)

“Yes”, Debbie said, “I held it just for you – otherwise I would have peed myself without the seat and the adrenaline. It was too much!”, and she continued: “And then you invited me for a drink… That was so extremely cruel! All my love changed to hate, but fortunately you were able to tell me about your real fascination. I would never have changed clothes without any pee in the hotel otherwise. But for you I will hold it as long as you are able and willing to watch what I am doing! Even when I will explode!”

“Hey Debbie, please promise to me, that you will never damage your bladder or worse, your kidneys! – I want to love you, but not grieve your death or accident, same as I want you to hold it for me, but not to be handicapped for the rest of your life…!”

“OK Pete, I will use the bathroom when my kidneys make me any problems!”

“Let’s test your unbelievable bladder condition. It was 4.5” (ca. 11.5 cm) prominent before the last 3 litre bottle of water you drank here so near to your bathroom…!”

Poor Debbie bend over and moaned, a shudder hit her body, then her lower abdomen twitched in a major spasm. “Oh Pete”, she whispered, “how can you be so cruel?” and her body was hit from another wave followed by a third and forth and fifth in a rapid succession. She had her hands pressed into her crotch and was doing all she could. But 2 to 3 major spasm was the maximum as she had told me before…

“Oh Debbie, stay strong!!! Sorry for that bad joke, let me help you anyhow!”

Debbie got hit by a 6th major spasm, but her crotch still stayed dry – anyhow…

After some more minutes of a horrible fight, Debbie groaned: “Peter I love you so much, I will hold in my pee for you today, as I promised!” And some more minutes later:” I trained my bladder so extremely over the last years, I fear I can cut off every stream and hold back every pressure. I hope my bladder walls will also be able to cope with this pressure…!”

“Your bladder walls are trained the same ways as your sphincter, and your wall muscles are much bigger than a few centimetres sphincter around your urethra!”

“Yes, but the pain is so unbearable. It feels as if it already explodes, just in slow motion – or we just cannot see it and all my pee is already inside my belly beside a ripped bladder…!”

I felt sympathy with poor Debbie, but she was so strong and I was so fascinated in her holding it ability, that I wanted to find out, how much her bladder was able to contain and hold.

“Deb, please drink another bottle of water and then go down on all four and relax your abs muscles. I would like to see, how full and how prominent your bladder can get in extreme!”

“I promised to do everything you want me to do – so I will do this for you now!”

Debbie went into the bathroom and I followed her. She opened the water tap and crouched over, when it started to hiss and to fall gurgling into the bottle. I the first time touched her. I held her at her shoulder, felt the hot and trembling body fighting against it’s own big muscles trying to press out all the water it should contain for some more hours. I felt bad, guilty and so cruel…

Debbie felt my hand and turned round. She smiled. I could see all her pain – and her smile, her love. This woman, this superhuman woman would do more than she was able to do – just to show me her love. And I knew about her former friends, who could not accept her powerplay with her bladder and her so sexy, but much too high heels – for them too high heels.

The bottle was filled and Debbie drank it all in one go this time. It came back to her, up again, but she tried to gulp it down. Her body had to fight a second fight. She lost some of a mouth full of water until she got back under control again. Her strong abs muscles had hit and squeezed her bladder, now it spasmed as never before. I saw her in tears – or was this the water coming out of her eyes now under all the pressure? Debbie needed more than a quarter of an hour to get back under full control. She was as exhausted as at the finish line before, when she won the Tour de France. Then, when she regained control, she again took the bottle and filled it more than half. I could see her pain and I could see all her willpower, when she looked at me.

“Hey dear, that is too much, you just lost a little of a mouth full of water!”

“Peter, I will drink it a little more slowly, but I will drink it all – and hold it!”, Debbie replied.

Then she hugged me. I could feel her exhausted and trembling body, her giant and hard as a rock bladder inside her, now more extremely bulging and again growing bladder. It was a nice feeling to hold this super woman in my arms. I could feel all her fighting. Then I shifted my leg between hers. She first refused to open her clamped legs, but a simple “Please” let her do the stupidity. A groaning was the answer, when she felt and realized her mistake. But now I did not go out of there with my leg. I could feel, as she did something like Kegel exercises to hold her pee hole shut. The fight got harder and harder, but she held me tight and even let me feel her now completely tensed body and her round and firm ass. Even on her so high heels she came up a little more to her tip toes. And I asked her to change her shoes from 6” to 6.3” first and then was curious for 7” – The absolute max.

(3” = 7.5 cm, 4” = 10 cm, 5” = 12.5 cm, 5.5” = 14 cm, 6” = 15 cm, 6.3” = 16 cm and 7” = 18 cm)

Debbie first held me more tight, then got down to grab her stiletto pumps, then came back up, took my hand and lead me to her closet. There stood a lot of really high heeled shoes. One pair with just 3” for reputable occasions, then some pairs with 4” and some more with 5” for normal use, one pair with 5.5”, some of with 6”, one with 6.3 and 1 black pairs with 7” pencil heels with a pointed heel tip of just 0,16” (4 mm) and a short pointed toe.

“Do you ever travel with all your shoes”, I asked.

Debbie squatted down to take off the first pair of 4” heels, but a new spasm from her bladder hit her. I saw her grimace, when she took that pair although, put it in front of her and stepped in. She went up and down in the room. “No, but I don’t know why, this time I did it – probably a foresight…”.

I could see Debbie’s nice legs, her thighs and her calves, her nice ass all her toned muscles which formed this beautiful and super sexy woman's body – and I saw her now high pregnant looking belly. She was under full control as she was while the interview, but in her eyes I could see her never ending pain, very hard spasms were hitting her. Her bladder’s war against her sphincter continued on and on and poor Debbie patiently endured this – for me!

The presented heels height rose to 5” and her movements to get the shoes out of the wardrobe were as painful as before. What a woman! Deb was able to walk on 5” heels as if they were part of her. Just her legs muscles showed, that it was not that way.

Poor Debbie squatted again to get into the 5.5" ones and walked in it too, as if this for a woman was the only natural way to walk. She put her feet sexily one step in front of the other and all her movements were so beautiful and elegant to see. Only in her face I could see the pain that her bladder was giving her.

Again the 6” heels. I tried to stop her doing the so extremely painful squatting for these shoes, but she refused all help, took it herself and slipped in, as if these shoes were comfortably flat. Just her walking was in a sexy way, which is impossible to present with flat shoes. And the movements of her calve muscles showed me, that she was fighting to do her steps in such an elegant and sexy way.

(4” = 10 cm, 5” = 12.5 cm, 5.5” = 14 cm, 6” = 15 cm, 6.3” = 16 cm and 7” = 18 cm)

“How long are you able to walk in such a proper way in these shoes?”, I asked her.

“I feel pain after about an hour, but walk on as long as you want me to do!”

“And how long did you already do in the past?”

“I once, when I was in the ballet company, forgot about a company’s tour into the mountains for some fun. I came in these shoes after a weekend of dancing on it, just had a short shower. We took a coach to the mountains and hiked the whole day in the mountains. Afterwards I had a date at a party and there were no seats. That was real pain! But I solved it without grimacing or even putting off my shoes.”

“I could imagine, that your ballet colleagues had a good condition in the mountains…”

“Yes, they were really quick on there walking boots and just mocked about me…! And my bladder was so full from the weekend. I last went on Friday before leaving the house.”

“How did you walk downwards, when your feet already on flat ground are bend back in a dangerous looking way?”

“That was a hard exercise, but ballet training was a good helper. I solved it. Just my bladder and my much too tight skirt caused a lot of agony that days!”

“Same as today?”

“No, but it even in that state was nearly unbearable!”

“…and actually you are still after all that hours able to hold it back and not to show much of your pain…!”

“It is pure agony, worse than hell. Peter, I won’t lose you, when you have to see, how I have to fight…!”

“Will you show me the other heel heights too, now?”

“Yes, I will do all you want me to do! I love you so much!”

Brave Debbie put her 6” heeled shoes back, took her 6.6” heels and stepped in. Her face told me more, than she could tell me with words. Squatting down must have been torture worse than hell, because she just was fighting down a series of major spasms. She seemed to know, that she was able to hold it anyway – an so she just did it for me.

“Is that any difference between 6” and 6.3”?”

Debbie started walking around, her muscles showed how hard it was for her, but her movements still were properly and sexily: “Yes, 6” is really high in my shoe size and 6.3” is just too high! But if you like, I will wear it all day for you from now oooough…”

“Deb, what’s the matter with you…???”

“Oughhh, it feels like my bladder just ripped. Oh, what a pain…!!!”

“What did change?”

“I didn’t like my like pregnant bulging belly and tried to pull it in!”

“Stop that and show me your 7” heels!”

(6” = 15 cm, 6.3” = 16 cm and 7” = 18 cm)

Debbie followed my order and took her 7” heels. If 0,3” (1 cm) was such a difference, how would 0,7” (2 cm) higher than even this work. I feared, that Debbie would not be able to walk properly on it.

When Debbie had solved the painful squatting and the change, I was absolutely fascinated. She had stepped in – better onto – these shoes without any help of her hands. Her calves had shown force as for bodybuilding. Yes, she was a ballet dancer and a bodybuilder…! Now she started to walk on these 7” heels. Her calves showed (at least partly) how much power she needed. And her graceful walking let disappear my concerns about possible improper walking.

“OK, that is great! How long can you walk on these?”

“Pain starts when stepping in, after about 2.5 hours it gets a problem, but I also wear it for weekends out on the dance floor!”

“Will you wear it all day and every day for me?”

“That will get really hard!”

“Will you do so – and also have your bladder as full as now or even fuller as often as possible without any health problems?”

“If you want me to do so, I will do it for you! – All the other guys could not stand seeing me holding my pee and now, when I get out of control, I find you and you ask me to hold more than ever before. All the guys did not like my 5” and 6” heels and you want me to wear 7” all day…”, Debbie answered quietly, ”It will be my hardest task I ever did, I am not able to hold my pee for a few more seconds, but I will learn to hold it all day. And anyhow I will have to pull in my belly. You saw how bad just a very small try was. And now I shall pull it in till my bladder is covered flat again totally?”. Debbie started to cry. “It is impossible! I know, I promised to you and so I will do it. I will pull it in as far as even possible. My bladder will feel like split, but I will try it again and again, until I will solve this task you gave me! – And I will fight back every leaking.”

“How does your bladder feel actually?”

“It does not fill any more. I will take the rest of the water now.”, poor Debbie whispered, fighting down her tears of fright coming up into her eyes.

She walked towards the bathroom, saw the loo and bent over. Then a series of major spasms hit her again and again. She cried, twisted her legs twice and held her crotch.

I took her hands away from her crotch, she looked at me with a lack of understanding in her eyes. But she held it in this way now anyhow. Her crotch was and still kept dry.

I lead Debby out of her bathroom and to her bed. I laid her down onto her back. Debbie did everything for me. Then I took away her skirt, her blouse and panties. This signal of the removed panties gave a signal to her brain, as I could see. Debbie now had real difficulties to fight back her urgent need to pee. She would not pee her pants, but she could not refuse to let out this much too much water, which terrorized her bladder and whole body for ages now. It was 9 pm now. Debbie had fallen asleep yesterday at about 6 pm with a full bladder. About 24 hours ago it could have filled to a dangerous level. Just sleep and her good trained bladder control even in her dreams let her hold so much water. Debbie was just human and at the end of her strength…

Although I could not resist to rise her level. Anyhow she would solve my tasks. All my tasks and even forever… Nonsense, but I would try it.

I took off my own clothes. Debbie looked at me. Her eyes were fascinated, because this was what she wanted – but also pure horror as I could see. She was ready to explode – but held it for me, as she had told me before.

I slowly parted her full force twisted legs, Debbie groaned. She anyhow managed to hold it even this way. Then I slowly lay down between her legs and onto her. Her body bent over in pain, but her upper body could not go up without putting me aside. I felt her extreme power under myself. She was able to lift me, but she wanted me. She anyhow staid under control and lifted her legs instead of her upper body. The way was free. I carefully first lay onto her giant belly with my full weight. Her groaning was dangerously as if she was dying thousand deaths the same time. But her fight supported me.

Before she was not able to stand the pressure, when she tried to pull in her belly again, now she anyhow held my full weight and just groaned. That was impressive. I started to penetrate her – still carefully and she opened wide for me. How could she hold her pee back in this state and position? Would she squeeze her strong legs again and hurt me, would my dick get hurt by a sudden movement of her pain? She wanted to let me do what I did wanted to get fucked and to fuck me and I wanted enter and to have sex with the most extraordinary woman I knew and now loved. I just hoped, that she would be stronger than now and be able to stand this and let us have fun on her super overfilled, super hard and super high pressure bladder.

Debbie had a till now never known such extreme pain, but she too wanted sex now. Definitely wanted it more than having her still for an eternity delayed once 'morning' pee, which got so inhumanly urgent and horribly painful…

After a while I had forgotten poor Debbie’s pain. She felt so good, she was so strong for me, she caressed me. By the time also Debbie ignored all her pain and we had wild sex again and again, me on the top of her rock hard bladder. I thought about letting her sit up or other alternatives, but in this situation thinking a clear thought was impossible.

When I woke up next morning, Debbie lay under me, I still stuck inside her and she had her legs still parted for me. Now I could feel her desperate movements. Poor Debbie tried to suppress it and to stand all the pain to let me sleep…

“Oh Debbie, why didn’t you wake me up? That must have been worst pain! and how late is it?”

“It is 10 a.m. next morning.”, Debbie’s now strange sounding voice told me. “I phoned the reception and prolonged my room for another day! And yes, it was the worst pain I ever felt, even worse than the worst spasms yesterday, but I started to love it, because it is you laying on me. I wanted you to sleep and feel good the first night with me!”

“Debbie, you are the most lovely and sexiest woman on world, the most extraordinary, the strongest, most enduring, the best looking, the best high heel walker, the strongest holder – and the most important and again the absolutely most lovely woman. I will ever be with you. No matter, if full or empty bladder!”

“I will hold it for you as I told you!”

“Then let’s check the prominence of your bladder. Today you will go down on all four till your bladder will show most distended ever. And then you will learn to pull in your belly until your belly is completely flat – and then again wear your tight super mini skirt. And you will wear you 7” heels.”

“That will be impossible, as you know! But I will try it as often and as long as you want me to do so! I love you so much and I want to be strong for you!”

I stood up and could not resist to press my hand onto Debbie’s giant belly to raise myself up and get out of the bed. Debbie’s groan was horrible, her eyes filled with tears and looked far and empty, but when I had gone off her belly again, she just told me, that she loves me. How could a woman stand such a pressure? Was it all her training to drink and dance on weekends and holding it the next working day? I just realized, that Debbie had to dance ballet with her leg up to her nose with her overly full bladder. Her legs had hit her body and bladder in this state many times and she had to dance absolutely correct as a prima ballerina… Debbie was superhuman – if not from birth, then by training!

Debbie had a lot of problems to come up and out of bed with her now totally exhausted bladder. Every try of a move was one too much. But she did not stop it...

When she was on her feet, she told me: ”Oh Pete, I have to pee so urgently and so horrible and agonizing bad!”

I asked her: “Do you want to pee now?”

And she replied – typical woman – “No, I will go later!” Then she realized, what she said and started to cry. I took her into my arms.

“Debbie, I want you to hold it till you are at home!”

“I will do it for you! – I don’t know how, but I will fight it back in until we are at my home!”

Debbie kneed down, put her hands on the ground and cowering there on all four the next hours. Her extended belly still rose a few inches and then staid in this size. At noon, I told Deb to stand up onto her feet.

She tried, but now just the weight of her distended bladder was so great, that all her pee, when it moved back onto her sphincter, let her scream in sheer pain. Both hands got rammed into her crotch and her legs twisted – all in a fraction of a second.

“Stand normal!”, I heard my voice say coldly.

Debbie looked at me disbelievingly: “I cannot! I am at the end of my power, I would lose control!”

“But you promised to go home to pee!”

“I will do my best – and more! I love you and I will do it for you anyhow!”, Debbie gasped.

She put her legs back into a normal position, tried to put her hands away, but then bent over, couched down, came back up, her face was such a painful grimace, that I could not look at her. What did I do…?

Debbie came up, crouched down, tried to rise, squatted down, started to gasp furiously and in sheer panic and obviously in unreal heavy attacks of pain, she absolute franticly tried to regain control over her bladder. It was horrible to watch.

I shut the bathroom door, locked it and after 20 minutes went out of the room. locking it too. I was sure, my Debbie would solve her task, but it was so horrible!

When I came back an hour later. Debbie stood there in the middle of the room, her legs apart and with a grim and strange look on her face. She anyhow had mastered the situation, but was not herself anymore.

“When did you regain control?”, I asked her.

In a gasping way and with a strange voice, poor Debbie told me, that she came up to her legs about another 20 minutes after I left the room. She then put her legs apart and had to wait for such a long time – full 40 Minutes – for my return… She had not twisted her legs, nor bent over and nor used her hands, she added proudly, but very exhausted. And she now needed a pee more urgent then ever!

“First you have to take on your clothes!”

Debbie tried to, but every movement was too much. She could hardly resist to twist her legs. Debbie got her blouse and buttoned it up. Then tried to enter her panties, but when crouching down, it was too much for her exhausted pour bladder, she hardly got back control over it without letting any drop out.

Again and again she tried it. It was hard to believe, what she did! Nobody else on earth would do such a painful task again and again, just to watch it was impossible hard and for Debby more and more exhausting her bladder and sphincter.

After 2 more hours I took poor Deborah into my arms. She kissed me with such a love, that I got a hard within a second. She saw it and went up to her absolute tiptoes, even a little more than yesterday. Then she put my dick, separated her legs and let me in. Her belly was so swollen and hard, it was difficult to stay inside her. Debbie first tried to lean back, but this did not help and was no fun with her face and upper body so far. Then she tried to pull in her exploding belly.

She groaned and gasped in desperation but also by the effort to get her belly pulled in. It was a strange, but fascinating feeling to sense her pain and effort so near. It more and more brought me up. I started pushing too, which was without any effect, because Debbie’s bladder was absolutely rock hard. My tries just gave more pain to Debbie, but this increased her efforts and at the end of the evening she anyhow really had pulled in her belly completely – and it stayed this way by her superhuman fight – and even a little deeper than it must have been normally. Her chest now was a little bigger than before…

Debbie was unable to talk any more, just tried to hurry me up. She seemed to try to get home as long as she was still under control. I showed her her skirt and panties – and poor Debbie fetched it anyhow in her frantic try to go home – and also put it on. She seemed to be on the top level of the pain scale and additional pain did not work worse anymore.

Then Debbie took her 7” heeled shoes, started to pack her luggage. It was incredible and unbelievable how poor Debbie took all her last power to get home. We left the room and I checked out for her, because she was unable to speak in this state.

Then we went out. Debbie started to walk towards the cabs, but I leaded her another way. I saw the question in her agonized eyes, but she did not resist. Then we walked to my home by foot.

3 hours later, I packed my suitcases and Debbie stood beside, franticly trying to stay in control. Her legs and calves were cramped, partly by the effort to hold her pee back, partly by her 7” heels, which were not made for walking, specially not, when holding back a barrel of hot pee under extreme over-pressure. On our way Debbie had been walking in a normal way, showing no sign of her so massive fluid load, her urgent pressure, her agonizing pain or her so much too high heels.

Another 2 hours later I asked Debbie, how long she would be able to stand this pressure. She was not able to talk, but I could see her frantic desperation grow up more and more. Then I lead her into my bathroom. Debbie started to cry, rammed her hands under her skirt, was not able to remove her clothes. I looked at this and then told her, if she would not go, I would like to have a pee.

Two monsterly wide opened eyes pleaded franticly for getting relieve, but I knew, she would manage anyhow, as she had managed everything before. So I opened the loo and pissed with a large arc into my loo. Then I flushed and we went out. At the door I removed Debbie’s hands from her crotch, answered by a frantic groan and a lot of horrible sounding gasps. Then we were out again and Debbie looked as if she were under full control again. it was fascinating, but also strange and so cruel.

I gave Debbie the heavy load and took her light weight suitcases. Her desperate look hit me, but Debbie walked on. I could see her legs. She was so strong and so sexy too. Debbie walked to the airport, but there I booked a coach. When we entered, Debbie suppressed a frustrated crying. She knew she would never reach her home dry.

Then we sat down. She sat at the window, me to the middle. Sitting down was almost impossible for poor Debbie, because it gave additional pressure onto her bladder from her waistband and strong belt. This waistband would not hold in her bladder, but she had to pull her belly in a little more. Deb’s thighs were hard as iron now. Her calves still completely cramped. Her fists were white at her knuckles and her arms fully tensed. And poor Debbie tried not to groan, not to gasp nor to even cry. We had a 5 days tour to go and a good look to the toilet, where more and more passengers relieved themselves.

While the full 5 days Debbie sat there stiff as a poker, just drinking the water I gave her, but this time I just gave her 1 liter per day. But Debbie’s eyes were talking more than words could say. I saw her super extreme pain on the upper level of a possible pain-scale. I could see, as she suppressed to show all her bladder spasms. It seemed all to be major spasms, sometimes single ones, but sometimes also real series up to 10 major spasms. I felt guilty for my poor Debbie, but also was fascinated and most of the day rock hard, because her efforts and power was so superhuman that I couldn’t believe, what I saw.

I touched her arms, her thighs, at night also her calves – all her body was rock hard the whole time. When I fascinated looked into her eyes, Debbie tried to smile and I could see her pain and exhaustion, but added by her love to me. She was holding in this amount for me. I did not hold her back, she deliberately held it all back for me, because she wanted to show me all her insane love!

Just when I tried to feel Debbie’s full bladder – even while her strong abs muscles covered it and pressed her belly in – just then Debbie got sheer panic into her eyes, but did not refuse nor made a single sound of her extreme pain.

At the arrival Debbie had to stand up. It was more than hard for her to lose the seat, which supported her sphincter holding her pee hole shut. A silent cry attended her efforts to stay under control and dry after such a long time. Her legs are so cramped, that she is barely able to stand up and walk out of the bus.

Then we changed over to a train to reach the UK to bring us to London and then to the USA. Debbie does not understand it anymore, she is awake for 7 days now, in horrible pain and desperation, cannot even show her frantic need to pee, cannot relax her rock hard belly, but has to hold it pulled in full force – nonstop all the long time anyhow, what makes holding her pee rather impossible, but she has to do so for already many days and doesn't know how much longer. No move, fully tensed muscles, her heavy, dangerously overfilled and so extremely compressed bladder feels every little stone or even pot hole on the street, indicates every smallest braking or accelerating – and sometimes the bus has to brake really hard to prevent an accident – but nearly initiates an accident at poor Debbie's bladder. And the young driver is a sporty driver, not a cool bus driver. Deb has to stand this and Debby will stand it anyhow.

After a few hours we are in London Heathrow and have to change to the plane. This time standing up seems to be too much for Debbie’s exhausted bladder.

“Cut the stream!”, I tell her and right, Debbie is so alarmed, that she clenches her thighs more than ever before. I pull her up onto her legs. Of cause she has not leaked.

But beside getting up, I initiated something bad: Debbie now has a hard cramp in her thighs and will not be able to lose it without losing her pee too. And a cramp in the thighs is really painful and also cramps all other leg muscles. Debbie’s strong bodybuilding muscles are not made for never ending isometric exercises. I can see her pain, a different pain, taking her so needed concentration away from her bladder. My poor Deb now walks slowly with little steps out of the train. I can see her now much too mighty thighs and calves. It doesn’t look good anymore. And even Debbie’s nice round ass is totally cramped and angular now under her skirt. The small woman looks strange on her 7” high heels. Her sexy power has gone, she is just fighting to reach home before her bladder gets too weak and cannot hold her extreme load and pressure any more. I feel sympathy, but I want to just once bring super human Debbie to her absolute brink.

The steps in front of us are a in surmountable blockade for Debbie’s cramped legs and she cannot hold her pee any more, while lifting her legs high enough to step upstairs. I tell her she will not be allowed to pee in her toilet, if she doesn’t climb these stairs. And if she needs more than 10 minutes, she will have to dance for me for some hours – with very high legs at least to her nose of cause!

Debbie tries to climb the steps, but her hard cramped legs start to lose power soon. The cramp is maximum tension and her muscles are extremely strong. I fear she will break her leg bones with her muscles, if the cramps get added with any other force from outside. I can see the slight bending of her legs. It is barely visible, but indicates extreme forces. Her muscles are so hard, I can see every fibre of it through her skin. People are looking and laughing. They don’t understand, what this woman has solved the last days… I feel sympathy, but Debbie still tries to fulfill my wishes.

Then anyhow, my Super-Debbie moves her leg up more then before, climbs the first step, then the next and so on. Slowly she reaches the end of the 55 stairs. She looks at my watch. Oh shit, it have been 11 minutes. I cannot really let her dance for me after a few more days to travel in this state, getting even worse every hour…

After some time we are inside the airport and the last plane to New York has gone. Chicago is just boarding. We change our trip to Chicago and want to fly from there to New York next morning.

Anyhow my now so handicapped Debbie enters the airport bus and afterwards even solves the high gangway on the apron of the airport. Sitting down is almost impossible with her massive and so extremely cramped muscles. Muscles are tensed to tear with a loud bang, bones are bend a little more, but Debbie now has an unbeatable willpower, wants to reach home and her toilet soon.

After the never ending overseas flight, she has to stand up again. Her muscles look really strange now. Every fibre is visible and tensed far over any acceptable limit. Every movement is pulling on her muscles. One muscle cannot really loosen the cramp of the other one anymore. Trying to do so is more than cramping the first one and overstraining the other one. With so much muscle power packed into Debbie’s legs, it is really dangerous and she desperately tries to move without any accident.

I walk behind Debbie, who tries to look as normal as even possible. Her so much too high heels make it even worse. It must be hell to walk on it with so cramped legs.

In Chicago there is a bomb alarm. We have to go by bus again. We will have to drive days and poor Debbie is still at – no far over – her power reserves…! She takes me into her arms, I can feel her trembling, her tensed muscles and her hard abs muscles with her so bad overfilled bladder behind. All in all she will not have peed this dangerous amount for nearly 2 weeks, when she reaches home. And as I know her by now, she then will start to try to then dance first for me before she just will enter her bathroom…!

Days later we reach N.Y. and then Debbie insists to walk home, because she is not willing to sit down any more. We have to walk 7 hours with her small steps, her calves are exploding and I cannot believe how accurate she sets her steps even on her 7” heels and with her legs so cramped.

“How are you able to walk so properly on these hellish skyscraper high pencil thin heels with these tiny tips after all – and with your cramped legs?”, I ask her, forgotten is, that she cannot speak in her effort. But poor Debbie even tries. She stops and holds me tight and then tries to form word after word under her super human effort to hold back in her pee, her belly and the additional pain by her legs. I feel her body, see her love in her eyes and cannot understand any of her so hardly formed words. Why just did I ask her in this situation…? At the end Debbie has told me, that she learned ever has to concentrate and very exactly set her steps on these high heels, even with just 5” heels. For this we lost more than half an hour of Debbie’s time. And she needs her pee so extremely urgent. It seemed, as if she was silently crying the last 5 days, but she tried to look normal.

Since we reached N.Y. Debbie was so frantic, she could no more hide it. I felt deep sympathy for her, but she started to impress me by pulling in her belly just a little more, followed by tears of pain. I knew, she wants to hold it for me. That was much more important than all her need to pee, her pain and exhaustion, cramps and so on. She knows I liked her strong, not wanted to feel sorrow or sympathy for her.

Anyhow we reach Debbie’s home in N.Y. far away from the airport. Then Debbie had to find her keys. She soon gets totally frantic, nearly loses her big load of hot pee – many times nearly lost it while searching. At the end she finds the keys in her suitcase, after squatting down and looking into every pocket of her packed clothes. I could imagine her bladder screaming for relieve and angrily taking all power to push out all the fluid in this situation. Debbie is so desperate now, she is no more able to hide her predicament, furiously handling her suitcase and all inside it, franticly bending over in rage about her imperfection – and holding an amount of pee for ages, what just a real goddess would not be able to do that long an hard…

When we come inside, Debbie shows me her house first, all rooms all stairs, so difficult to climb for her actually and even the cellar. Then she shows me the toilet and franticly tells me, she would dance for me first. She is in such a horrible and torturous need to pee now after reaching her city and home.

I insisted and tell her not to dance with her legs so cramped.

Debbie asks me to follow her downstairs again to her fitness room. Then she starts to try to loosen her thighs cramps slowly. Holding back her pee, every time lets her legs cramp again. After 12 hours fight and Sisyphus work, I removed her mini skirt and panties, then tell her to let her belly bulge out again. It really shocks me to see her belly that giant and now nearly 5” prominent. I can understand but not just nearly imagine Debbie’s extremely torturous pain, desperation and never ending sheer agony, but now she nearly looks relaxed, even with her belly so full of pee.

After further 12 hours we get Debbie’s legs free from cramps, although they still feel more than extremely painful, as Debbie tells me. Just her ass looks still very angularly.

Now Debbie smiles at me, gives me a long kiss – and then slowly pulls her belly back in.

“How are you able to do so after all the days with maximal tensed abs muscles?”, I ask my Debbie, and she just smiles and sais: ”I love you and that gives me all power of the world!”

3 days after this, Debbie still has not used her bathroom and toilet and just tells me, she would dance for me before she will pee a single drop, but she cannot do so without getting away her cramps.

At the 4th day Debbie again wears her 7” heels – and then she starts to dance for me. Her legs all the time move up to her nose, some times quick and than slow again. I can see her muscles, now tensed, but no more cramped. She looks so beautiful! But I know her need to pee, her pain and that every leg lifting creates unbearable pain in her bladder. Debbie sees the fascination in my eyes and dances on and on.

“The ‘some’ hours are already solved!”, I tell poor strong Debbie, but she just laughs: “You like to see me dancing and so I will dance for you!”

I give up and let her dance fascinatingly and her bladder gets squeezed and kicked by her legs again and again and again. She really provokes these hits and her pain changes into fun, when she sees my fascinated eyes. “I like challenges”, she tells me, “and you give me a lot of these! Please don’t fear my pain, I will do it for you with fun, no matter how bad my body every may feel!”

After 50 hours dance, it happens, Debbie comes to the end of her power reserves. Her legs barely come up and I don’t really believe, her bladder makes real trouble now. I have to carry her upstairs and she tries to reach her bathroom now!!!

Then I have a cruel idea: “Oh Debbie, you held your pee in such a long time, I fear it will need a lot of time to get empty…!”, I tell her.

“Yes, I fear so too!”, she replies gasping heavily. Then she looks at me. Her face changes to pale and she asks me: “Pete, do you mean you need to pee too, actually?”

I nod.

Even more pale, Deb gasps: “Then go first, I can hold it just a little longer…! – Anyhow…”

“But we have to measure your pee. Do you take a big bucket to fill, while I pee?”

“I cannot walk any step!”, Debbie gasps desperately and now reaches a state of frantic desperation I had not seen the whole time before, not in the hotel, not in coach, train or plane.

“Then I will take the basket!”, I tell her. “Where is it?”

“Oh no, please hurry up, I cannot hold it any more, my power is over, it is only seconds I probably can hold it!!!”

“But how shall I pee in seconds”, I continue the cruel game.

“I will manage to hold as long as you need!”, Debbie gasps, even more desperately now. Her seconds have already gone and she does't not know where to take more seconds.

“OK, then I take the basket – where is it?”

“Oh no, please hurry up…!!!! Just seconds…!”

“Where is the basket?”

“No, no basket – I lose it, the first drops are coming down my urethra!!!”

“Cut it off! – First the basket!”

Debbie is franticly dancing now, both hands in her crotch, bladder cramps start to hit her again, after days without. She bends over.

“The basket!”

“I have to look for…”, Debbie takes my hand, still holding her crotch, but with just one hand now. Her fight goes so strong now, I don't believe that we will get back to the toilet dryly. She runs to the kitchen, bends over and looks horrible. She opens the doors of all bigger cupboards in sheer panic, we change the rooms and at the end step into the cellar. There in a dark corner stands a big basket. We have lost more than 10 minutes.

Debbie pulls me upstairs again. I see her 7” heels and love her for wearing it all day for me. She pushs me into the bathroom and gives me the basket.

“What shall I do with the basket? It is you to pee into it!”

“I know, but I will not pee into it without you! And I cannot hold it anymore, if it is standing here outside, just beside me!”

I go into the bathroom, open the water tap and let it trickle into the bowl as if somebody is peeing. Then I look out through the not properly closed door.

Debbie is more than frantic now, pacing around, jumping up an d down, both hands deep in her crotch, tapping her feet. And gasping: “Oh noooo, I can’t listen to this sound…! When will it be finished…? Ohh, hurry up – nnno, no, take the time you need, you seem to pee urgently so much you pee…”

Her urgency reached ever new levels, and she doesn't seem to realize, that it is not the time, which is going slow, but the water is running endlessly.

Debbie’s strong muscles started to work in a dangerous way now. She tries to hold it with all her might. Her face is a grimace, rarely to identify. Suppressed screams follow, but still no pee.

Deb gets crazy by her effort to hold in her pee. She moves like mad, gasps and screams, her muscles are tensed like in cramps again. She bends over and crouches, squats as if to pee and comes up with a grim grimace again, bladder spasms of an unknown power hit her every second, more and more, but she lets nothing out. How can she hold so long in such a state???

As if she has heard my thoughts, Debbie shouts: “Pete please help me to the basket, I just lose it – I lose it – I lose it!” Her legs are crossed and twisted three times, her hands deep in her crotch.

I stop the water, come out slowly and see, that it is impossible to poor Debbie to hold just one more minute, probably not the next second…

I take her, put down her still dry panties and push her to the toilet bowl. But Deb doesn't open the knot in her legs. So I takes the basket and puts it onto the ground. I remove her t-shirt and she gaspingly screams: “Hurry, now!!!!! Peeeeeeee”, like crazy…

When I put the basket behind her, I tell her not to let any drop fall outside of the basket!

Debbie tears her panties with one hand and sits down, nearly falls over with the basket, I just can hold her upright. Then a torrent jet of pee hits the basket and even gets stronger and stronger. I lift Debbie a little bit and can see a clear and absolutely round stream of nearly an inch diameter (about 2 cm). Debbie is gasping.

“Stop!”, I shouted, “Stop!” and poor Debbie cuts off the heavy stream, unable to speak, just looks at me, holding back her cut off pee and is looking…

“You are really are able to cut off the maximal jet in it’s full force?”, I wonder.

Then Debbie lets go again and doesn't stop until 4 litres of hot and steaming pee are in the basket.

“Your overstretched bladder will contain more. Please try to push it out too!”

“No, I pulled my belly in till the back wall of my bladder. There cannot be much more in…”

Then next days, about a full week, Debbie needs to pee every hour and sometimes twice an hour. She drinks a lot and flushes her kidneys.

But one evening after visiting a pub, I lock the bathroom door. Debbie urgently needs to pee, but is locked out. This night Debbie has a lot of bad dreams and in the morning wakes up with a really big and hard bladder.

She tries to stand up, but has a many real problems. I take her up and lay her onto the cold ground, her belly down. Then I sit onto her nice ass and she gasps, she would pee her pants.

I turn her back and tell her to pull in her belly to the back wall of her bladder. My Debbie now remembers her so horrible situation and gets calm, She pulls in her belly until I can see her bladder very clearly. It is mighty again, but still reserves to fill.

That day Debbie again wears her micro skirt also as her 7” heels all day long – and we go out for some hours. In the evening I ask Debbie to go pee all day and fill her bladder to the max once more like she did in our first days.

But she tells me, the max would not be reached by this. So we go to a pharmacy and buy a catheter to fill her poor bladder to the absolute top level, just a very little before the real breaking point. Debbie’s bladder gets so full then, that she is as desperate as the very last time before using the bucket. Her bladder is 7” prominent and she is not allowed to pee, because her bladder was not as weak as last time.

Within the full next week we have a lot of fun and Debbie again is able to hold it, partly standing, sitting or laying, partly with me on her belly – or worse – herself laying on her belly with me on her back. And later she again has to wear that sexy micro mini skirt, which by the time had been made much tighter. Her abs muscles press her belly in with all might not to damage her skirt. Her bladder got even stronger by our games and she ever was able to hold it in as long as I asked her to do so!

Then I moved to N.Y. and we live in Debbie’s house.

By the time I got the full responsibility over Debbie’s bladder and she tries not to show any sign of suffering to anybody else, when I have ‘forgotten’ to let her go in the morning. I decided, that Debbie is just allowed to use her own loo, when I am with her – and nobody else is in her house.

Then things got worse, when I booked a 3 week vacation trip and her loo was so far. We got up late and her bladder was extremely full, because I had forgotten to let her empty it. Then we went to the airport and I told her to be careful drinking too much, because she has to hold for 3 weeks from now.

Debbie started to cry: “I have been holding until my bladder was 6” prominent and then pulled it in. That should be your birthday present. I think I can hold it for about a week in such a state, like after the Tour de France, probably also 2 weeks anyhow. I would try my best to do so for you and our love! But nobody will be able to wait 3 weeks in this state…!”

We travelled and Debbie tried to hold it. But how will this end…???

Now we are on our holiday island, arm in arm, and poor Debbie has to do the worst task ever to give me my birthday present and afterwards come home dry.

Debbie after we met never used any public loos nor she used loos in other flats or houses. And she doesn't relieve outdoors in the nature too. This shall not change, but will my super woman be that strong for full 3 weeks – after she already had prepared her bladder for my birthday gift???

The 2 weeks are over, Debbie has real problems to walk on stairs, but she still holds it for me. Her fascinating kidneys also made no trouble any time. But actually Debbie has worst bladder spasms, same as at the end of our the very first time, she showed me her holding abilities after the Tour de France. There is no basket nearby and the trip home will be in a week…

We will see, if all her training since we met first made her strong enough to prolong my birthday present hold-it until we are back home.

Wish her luck !

