Wet car ride

Author: P333ing

*000*2022-05-31 18:42

“Let’s go babe, we are going to be late” my 19 year old boyfriend Lucas says as I take a sip from my morning coffee and hold our 1 year old in the other hand. It was 8:00 in the morning and we had a 8 hour trip scheduled to the Grand Canyon.

My name is Annalise, I am 18 years old and about 5’3. Luke and I have been together for a while and ended up bringing our baby in the world. I strap little Ella in her car seat and check in her diaper bag that she has everything she needs, then hop in the front seat.

“Anna, you sure you want to drink that?” Luke eyes my coffee. He knows that after the baby, my bladder hasn’t been 100% back to normal. It’s been getting a lot better but too much coffee makes me have to pee pretty quickly.

“I’m fine. And besides… it’s only 1 cup” I say.

“Alright” he sighs then pulls off.

1 hours later*

I start to feel a little twinge as my bladder starts to fill up. It’s manageable but I should probably pull over to the rest stop in the next couple hours. I look back at Ella and smile. She has fallen asleep.

”Do you have to go now?” My boyfriend says. He looked annoyed.

”Why are you treating me like a child. I’m fine” I snap.

“I bet that you’ll have to soon. You’ll last 2 more hours at most” he challenges me. What’s his problem. I turn towards the window accepting the challenge.

2 hours later*

My bladder is about 60% full. I squeeze my legs together a little refusing to let Lucas see my growing desperation. I look back at him as he looks at me.

”Look, I’m sorry my love. I shouldn’t have talked to you as a child. I just get worried for you” he puts his hand on my upper thigh and squeezes it, causing my bladder to pulse slightly of the growing pressure. I bite my lip discretely.

”It’s ok, I understand” I look at the gas gauge and see we will have to stop soon.

”I know, I’m pulling off now. I have to go take a piss quickly too.” He says. The word reminds me of the building amount of pee in my system, pushing it from a 60 to a 70 percent. I refuse to squeeze his hand between my legs and wonder if he’s doing this on purpose.

We pull over to a gas station and he gets out to fill the tank. Shortly after he heads inside the gas station store’s bathroom. I watch as a girl races in behind him, holding herself and stopping at the door while squatting slightly. I see as a squirt of liquid comes out her slightly wet yoga pants between her fingers. Once she gathers herself, she runs again. I can’t help but wonder if she wet herself completely or made it. I wince as I push my legs together, slightly shaking now.

Lucas come out with another coffee for me and one for him. Once he gets back in the car, he hands me mine. “My apology for being an ass”

I bite my lip, unsure if to take a sip, but the aroma was so good and I can’t let him think he won. I take a couple sips and smile at him. “Thank you”

20 min later*

I was nearing my max as I finished the last drop of the medium sized coffee. I was 90% full. I cross my legs as I shake and squeeze them a little. My lower abdomen is significantly distended from before. I press on it a little, and debate if I will we be able to conquer my boyfriends challenge and find a bathroom in time. With 40 more minutes left, I was unsure. I see as Lucas hand snakes over to between my thighs as he once again grabs the one closest to him.

“I can’t wait to get you all to myself again” he says snaking his way up to my area and rubbing the fabric between it. I uncross my leg, using all my effort to hold in my pee. “I’m surprised you haven’t gone yet. You must be close to bursting but yet still so dry”. With his eyes still on the road, he continues to rub me though my panties. I put my head back and moan slightly as he rubs faster on my clothed clit. I have now reached my peak of desperation. And him touching me didn’t make it any better. I was horny and desperate.

”Please” I squeak out looking at him and his growing bulge. I didn’t care about proving him wrong anymore. I needed a bathroom soon.

“Please what?” He says as he, without warning, puts a finger inside me through my panties. I gasp as I leak a little before gaining control. “Oh. So I was right.” He moves them to the side and rubs the wetness up my slit. I feel as another leak threatens to make its way through and hold myself over his hand. He chuckles a little.

”Please. Oh please Lucas. I have to pee so bad. Please can we find a bathroom” now that I have admitted I wiggle my butt in the seat and bounce a little. He pulls his hand out, wiping it on his jeans.

“Fine. Looks like from the sign the next test stop is in 15 miles. We actually just passed one. Can you wait 20 minutes?”

I keep my hand on my crotch and squeeze my legs tightly together. “I think I can” I say, knowing that I was on the verge of peeing myself.

“if you can’t wait, we can pull over on the side”

”No!” I exclaim. He knows I will never pee outside. I get too scared of being exposed to everyone.

5 minutes later*

I am so desperate that I’m frantic. My hand has cramped up from holding myself and I switched hands. “Oh god. Oh god I’m about to wet myself. Lucas how much longer?”. He doesn’t answer. I look at him. “Lucas?!” I feel as the car slows… no no no… traffic. Then the car stops. I feel a little leak seep into my panties and I shove my hand tighter against my heat.

”I’m sorry baby girl.” He pulls out his phone. “There is an estimated time of 20 minutes in traffic. So we will get there in around 35 minutes”

“I don’t know if I can make it” I squeak out, unable to fully speak from desperation. I shake my legs uncontrollably looking at Lucas for help. He puts the car in park, since traffic was not moving, and looks back at me in sympathy as he replaces my hand with his, using his strength to block my pee hole. The relief only lasted for a minute or two before desperation struck again. I feel as I lose a longer spurt. I feel as he tries to hold me tighter, helping me to gain control again. My legs trembled as I squeezed together. “I’m going to pee myself Lucas” I say shamefully.

“No you’re not. If you need to go that bad… just pee on the car floor….” I look in his eyes to see he was serious. I can’t believe I’m even considering it.

“But the clean up…”

”… is the least of my worries. Holding it this long isn’t good for you Anna” he finishes just as the baby babbles a little, stirring in her sleep.

I unlock my seat belt to release the pressure of my bladder just as I had an idea.

”diaper” I manage to say. I sit on my knees and dig my heal into my pee hole at my breaking point.

Lucas get out of the car and opens the back door as he grabs one of Ella’s diapers out of bag, tossing it to me in the front. I wait until he gets back in and shut the door as another long spurt makes it’s way out. I feel a wet spot growing on my butt. “Oh my god. I can’t hold it I can’t.” I pull my skirt up and panties down and collapse on the diaper, forgetting to open it all the way. My warm piss exploded out my body as I let go. I moan as my bladder empties. Then I hear my boyfriend.

“Anna babe you need to stop. It’s starting to leak in the seat.”

I look down and surly, with only half of my bladder empty the diaper was starting to leak. After a few more uncontrollable spurts I cut my pee off and shove a finger in my pee hole still so desperate. I put the sopping wet diaper on the ground and sit bare bottom in the seat with tears in my eyes. “I still need to go so so bad”

I look over at Lucas, he’s currently at full mass, struggling to not touch himself. “Go on the floor baby. Just let it go”

I try to protest, but my body doesn’t listen. My pee starts leaking out between my fingers as I slide my bottom off the seat and put my legs on the dash. My pee exploded out of me soaking the floor and part of the dash. I throw my head back moaning like my life depended on it. “Oh my god this feels amazing” I say, thankful for our almost illegally tinted windows. My legs start to shake as I reach a handless orgasm while still peeing.

As the stream dies off I can hear Lucas panting on the side. I look over and see him finishing his last jerks as he exploded with cum on his half down boxers, pants pulled all the way down. He looks back at me after finishing and smiles shyly. “I’m sorry… that was so hot”

”It’s ok… I’m sorry about this. I needed to go and it felt so good” I smile back at him a little before pulling my underwear back up just as he pulls his up. I briefly look at my panties seeing a huge wet spot on it.

“It’s ok. We will stop at the next gas station and get the mat cleaned up… and the dashboard.”

I blush eyeing the still dripping pee. I look and see as traffic start to move again and buckle my seat belt with my legs in the chair. I look back at Ella who seemed to still be in a deep sleep despite the show. I turn back around as Luke places his hand on the outside of my panties, feeling the wet spot.

”I can’t wait to finish you off later” he says briefly looking at me before his eyes go back on the road.

