Kate

Author: Poseidon

*000*2025-07-08 14:47

Kate’s Wet Day

Despite all the advantages of modern technology, email, file sharing, video calling and everything else there are always clients who simply must have a face to face meeting. The fact that designs, layouts and artwork can all be shared, discussed and agreed remotely simply has not registered with some people resulting in time wasted stuck in traffic travelling to unnecessary meetings. So, couple of weeks ago I found myself travelling back to Didcot from just such a meeting with a company based near Northampton.

Coming away with a signed contract at least made the trip worthwhile and so I headed back down the A43, expecting to be home in little over an hour. All should have been uneventful, but things don’t always go according to plan. Firstly, I shouldn’t, in hindsight have had so many cups of coffee and secondly I should have used the toilet before hitting the road; but then I didn’t need to pee at the time and there were several service stations on my route if I needed a quick pit stop.

Of course, half an hour into the journey the coffee caught up with me and I realised that I really should have popped into the Ladies before leaving but, since I was almost half way home it wasn’t likely to be a serious problem. That was until the traffic came to a standstill approaching the junction with the M40. This can often be something of bottleneck but normally sorts itself out fairly quickly – but not today. As I discovered later there had been a relatively minor accident that blocked the roundabout and slip road due to one of the vehicles, a delivery van ending up on its side. We were going nowhere until a recovery vehicle could get there and move the thing.

After almost an hour we hadn’t moved at all but at least I could see that a big tow truck had arrived, though how much longer it would take I had no idea. By now I was really starting to feel the growing pressure in my bladder, to the point that I was wriggling and fidgeting in my seat, squeezing my thighs together to help me hold it. If the traffic didn’t start moving soon so that I could stop at the Cherwell services, which were now less that a mile away, I was going to be in difficulty. To be honest I was beginning to panic as I really was in real danger of doing the unthinkable – losing control and wetting myself in the car.

Another twenty minutes passed, by which time I actually had my hand between my legs, literally holding myself through my knickers to keep back the impending flood. Memories of a previous occasion when I’d been desperate in traffic only made my plight worse. On that occasion I had finally been able to pull into a lay-by with some cover, intending to pop a squat behind the bushes. As a seasoned rambler peeing al-fresco holds no fears for me as on a long hike across moorland or open upland there is no alternative. Hiding in a lay-by on a main road when someone might come and park near me at any time didn’t appeal but needs must – it was that or a wet seat. Except that things didn’t quite work as intended.

I managed to get out of the car and up the slope into the bushes but that was as far as I got. The extra stress on my bladder from the short climb pushed me to my limit and I began to lose it, little spurts and dribbles rapidly dampening my pants. Before I could wriggle my tight skirt up and pull my knickers and tights down it happened; I lost the battle and totally flooded myself. I literally burst or at least that’s what it felt like as a torrent poured down my legs.

My knickers were soaked, my tights were soaked, my shoes were soaked, while my skirt clung damply to the back of my legs. It was one of the few occasions in my adult life so far that I had completely lost control and totally wet myself. Fortunately I’m a stoic and resourceful type so simply cursed myself for my stupidity in getting so desperate that I had actually pissed myself but then simply dealt with the problem. There was no point getting upset as it wouldn’t change the situation and it had happened on the return journey so I was not going to be in the awkward situation of having to cancel an appointment.

Fortunately no other cars pulled into the lay-by and I was able to get back to my car relatively unseen except by passing traffic. I had my sports bag with me and was able to get a towel to dry myself off. A plastic bag on the seat with the towel over it stopped me making a mess of the upholstery and by the time I reached home I was dry enough that my accident was not too noticeable. Clothes in the washing machine, a quick shower and all was well again. Only I knew what I’d done, and while annoying we all have to accept that accidents happen.

This time it was rather different. There was no convenient lay-by or roadside cover and if I lost it now I was going to have a huge cleaning job at the very least. Hell, what was I going to do? Then finally the traffic began to move. Maybe I could make it to the services and that much needed toilet after all. Unfortunately most of the vehicles in front of me seemed to have the same idea, a tortuous queue moving slowly down the access road, everyone looking for a parking space; not that there were many available as this was a busy summer Friday afternoon with a lot of holiday traffic about. At least I was driving an automatic so was able to continue to hold myself through my knickers, not caring by that stage if anyone saw me.

As the cars inched forward I was muttering and cursing under my breath, “Ooooh! Come on. Please, please, I’m going to wet my pants in a minute. Just move. Oh hell, I’m almost pissing myself!” I doubt if I was the only woman struggling to keep her pants dry as I saw a number of people get out of cars in the queue and head for the main building and the toilets. Whether they all made it in time is another matter: I really was not sure that I would be able to, even if I was able to find somewhere to park.

Eventually, having worked my way right round the car park I found myself on a wide exit road with caravan parking along it, fortunately empty as it was hidden from the main buildings by a tall hedge and thus not exactly a secure location but it would have to do; so breathing a sigh of relief I parked up. Now all I had to do was find my way to the toilets and join the inevitable queue and hope not to disgrace myself with a puddle on the floor as I waited in line. I wasn’t sure that I could cope with that sort of embarrassment!

I never did make it to the Ladies. In fact I hardly made it out of the car, let alone across the car park. Still holding myself I opened the car door and very carefully got out, almost losing control as I did so; but as I pushed the door shut my knickers suddenly felt damp as a warm, wet spurt escaped and trickled over the fingers that were still jammed up my skirt. What the hell was I going to do? To walk to the toilets I would have to stop holding myself but if I did that I was going wet my pants. I could try to make it to the loo and probably wet myself in the middle of the car park or just stay where I was, standing between my car and the hedge where I couldn’t really be seen.

The decision was made for me as that first spurt became a steady and uncontrollable dribble. I tried to clamp down and stop myself peeing but when I relaxed slightly an even longer spurt filled my knickers and trickled down my legs. At that point I tried to squat, pulling my skirt up as far as I could just as I lost all control and totally flooded my knickers and tights, a huge puddle spreading around my feet and running under the car. I couldn’t quite believe how much pee was in my bladder as it just seemed to go on an on. Finally I finished and trembling with both fear and relief glanced round to see if anyone had seen me but no-one was parked nearby and I had, I hope, been hidden from cars leaving on the exit road.

Now I had a different problem. At least I didn’t need to pee anymore but my soaking pants and tights were still dripping pee down my legs and a quick feel soon told me that the back of my skirt was equally wet – I hadn’t manage to pull it fully out of the way as I squatted down. By now I just wanted to dry myself off a bit and get the hell out of there but I didn’t have a towel this time just a couple of cloths used to wipe the windscreen and a box of tissues. I didn’t even have my usual spare pair of knickers in my handbag as I forgotten to replace them after my period finished. The cloths and tissues would just have to do so using these I managed to dry off my legs but I now needed something to protect my seat. Quickly searching the car I found an old plastic carrier bag but that wasn’t going to keep my seat dry, and then came across my lightweight emergency raincoat. That would at least cover the seat and could be washed so I used that.

Feeling very damp and uncomfortable I sat back in the car and headed back to the motorway and home. Because I was now in rush hour traffic it took nearly another hour before I pulled into my parking space at home, the car by now filled with the aroma of my pee-soaked clothing – I’d need to spray it with air freshener tomorrow. I was sure that it would be obvious to anyone who saw me walking to my flat that I’d wet myself so I sat there for a couple of minutes until I was sure I could make a dash for my door without being seen. Finally, as I closed the front door behind me I was able to breathe a huge sigh of relief. What a day – I’d won the contract, wasted hours in traffic and totally peed my knickers in public. And I now needed to pee again, quite badly in fact and also urgently needed a shower and to put my wet clothes in the wash.

I was also hungry and desperately needed a drink, an alcoholic drink! So instead of going to the loo went into the kitchen and poured myself a large glass of wine. A second glass followed quickly before the now urgent need to pee sent me heading for the bathroom. I must admit that I didn’t even bother to pull down my still damp underwear before peeing. There didn’t seem any point as it was going straight into the wash so I just sat on the loo and wet my knickers for the second time that day. I probably should be ashamed of myself but why should I, wetting myself occasionally is just part of life’s rich tapestry and no big deal. Accidents happen.

Kate

