Leah's flat party

Author: pwpj

*000*2014-07-08 22:05

Leah's Flat Party

It's a lovely start to the summer holidays and Leah holds a flat party. Lots of girls, alcohol and one bathroom - what could possibly go wrong?

Following the end of her first year at University, Leah was looking forward to a long summer break. She'd done well in her exams and unlike some of her friends didn't need to sit any re-takes. At the end of the first year she'd had to move out of halls into a flat elsewhere, but she had moved in to a 4-bedroomed flat just outside the city centre with some of her friends. Leah, Jess, Natalie and Laura had been in the flat for a week when it was decided to hold a flat-warming party on the Friday.

The flat didn't have an internet connection so the girls had arranged for a man from British Telecom to come around on the Friday to install one. Leah volunteered to stay in, as Natalie was working that day and Laura and Jess had other plans.

It was about 2pm when the doorbell rang and Leah opened the door to a man from BT in blue overalls. He had a look at the cables coming into the flat, connected some test equipment to them and then disappeared outside to see where they went. It transpired that the cable which had previously been used for internet access had been damaged, but luckily another one existed, so he could use that instead. Leah nodded in agreement and the man fetched his ladders, setting them up in the hallway outside the bathroom. Remembering how her mother always said to look after tradesmen, she brought him a cup of tea and sat drinking one herself whilst talking to him. She needed the toilet but the engineer had set his ladders up across the bathroom door and there was no way she'd say anything to him to admit she needed a wee.

"It's quite a bit of work I'm afraid, love" the man explained "I've got to replace this length of cable and then join a new socket on to the end of it. I really ought to charge you extra for it, but since you're such a pretty girl I'll do it for free". Leah blushed, finding his tone slightly sexist, but if her looks saved her money she wasn't going to complain. She was also in need of a wee, but still couldn't face up to asking the guy to move his equipment.

She went off to the living room, to tidy it up in preparation for tonight. Leah realised that as she bent over, it pressed on her poor bladder, so she took to squatting down instead. The BT man shouted that he was popping out to the street to check on something, and Leah said that was fine, as she continued to get the living room ready. It took her about a minute to realise that this meant she could quickly nip into the bathroom for her well-needed wee. She made her way across the hallway and was clambering across the step-ladders when a knock on the door signalled the engineer was back.

"Right, I've changed the connection out in the box, and fitted this new point here. It will take a day or so for it to become live, but I'll just run a test on the line now. Shouldn't be a minute or two." He plugged in a different instrument and made a few test calls and wrote down various readings in his notebook. Leah was leaning against the wall, with her legs crossed.

"OK, that's done" said the engineer, folding up his ladders and packing away his tools, leaving the way to the bathroom free. But Leah wasn't about to make a mad dash for it with a man in her presence! "I just need you to sign some paperwork". He opened up a duplicate book and pointed to various boxes where Leah signed, before explaining what to do when the connection became live. "Actually, whilst I'm here, do you mind if I use your bathroom quickly?" he asked. Leah agreed, reluctantly, thinking it all rather unfair that he'd stopped her being able to go for a wee for the last hour but now he'd get to go first!

The engineer came out the bathroom and then gave the appropriate paperwork to Leah as she showed him out the door. He finished with "have a good evening, gorgeous!" to which Leah slammed the door in his face - partly because he was quite lecterous, but mainly because she was bursting for a wee. Having shut the door Leah ran over to the bathroom, without even closing the door, pulled her jeans and pink flowery knickers down, and sighed deeply as she let loose a high-pressure hissing stream. Looking down she could see a tiny dribble in her knickers, but it'd soon dry out.

Finishing her wee and wiping herself, Leah set a bath running. After a long, relaxing hot bath she went back to her room and lounged around in her dressing gown for much of the afternoon. Natalie arrived home at about 4pm, having stopped at the supermarket for some drink, and the girls tidied around the flat. Leah then changed out of her jeans into a blue dress, which she wore without tights. She kept the same knickers on - they were light pink with white flowers on, and her bra matched. She brushed her hair in her bedroom, and let it flow down her back. She was gifted with an attractive figure, and combined with her lovely personality she had many admirers.

Jess and Laura arrived a bit later with some friends. Laura introduced Amy, from her halls, who was a very skinny brunette with straight hair, and wore wet-look leggings. Aofie, who had lived with Leah in first year, also came along, as did some other people who Leah hadn't met before. Leah had had a beer so far, but was conscious that she'd probably drink more and her bladder always seemed to get far smaller when drink was involved, so she nipped to the bathroom and had a wee. Once she thought she was finished, she pushed hard to try and make sure she was totally empty. At around 6, everyone got together to do a pizza order, which arrived a half an hour later.

She went back into the living room, started on her pizza and opened another beer. Her boyfriend, Mark, was around, although he'd have to leave after an hour or so - he'd recently got a job working the night shift at a supermarket to earn money over the summer break. Leah went over to him and cuddled up on the sofa with him and the pizza. Her parents didn't know of her relationship, although she hoped they'd be supportive - Mark was a generally lovely guy who always looked after her and certainly never took advantage of her. They talked and cuddled on the sofa, although they were careful not to be overly affectionate whilst everyone was around - Leah would get very embarrased and blush bright red if someone commented on her kissing in public!

Leah had been chatting to Amy, who she had only seen once before. She was spending the summer doing an internship in a business finance department, so she had to work the whole summer and didn't get much time off at all. Leah noticed she seemed uncomfortable and asked if she was alright. "Yeah, I need a wee, I've been trying to put it off because I hate breaking the seal, but I think I might have to go!". Leah pointed out the bathroom and Amy stood up and went to relieve herself. Leah could feel a very slight need to go, but there was plenty of time and the bathroom wasn't far away. Amy returned a little while later, and as she bent down to sit on the floor Leah could see the back of her yellow french knickers sticking out of her leggings.

It was time for Mark to leave for his night shift, and Leah took him into the hall to say goodbye. She kissed him on the lips in private, and he held her tight around her waist. They said goodbye and promised to meet up the next day. Leah thought she might nip to the loo, but Jess motioned her back into the living room, as they were going to play a drinking game. After some discussion it was decided to play "Never have I ever" - the person whos turn it is gave a truthful statement of something they'd never done, and anybody who had actually done it has to have a drink, and relate the story to the others!

Everyone sat around in a circle and the questions started off with the standard embarrassing things people admit to. This resulted in everybody drinking a lot within a short space of time and, indeed, the game had to be paused for a minute to let people go to the kitchen for more drinks. Then Laura turned things more personal with "Never have I ever done anything sexual in a cinema", at which point Aofie took a drink, describing in detail the things she'd done on the back row with her boyfriend. Aofie's contribution was "Never have I ever been arrested" and Leah was surprised when Jess took a sip of her drink. She was shocked, but Jess explained that she'd been involved in a protest last year and the police had arrested the whole group, then let them go later. Amy admitted to having had sex in a sleeping bag. The questions continued for a while and Leah felt quite innocent by the end of it.

Leah continued to drink and finished off the remainder of her pizza whilst talking to Jess. She needed a wee, but she was sure there'd be plenty of time to go later. She got talking to some of the others who'd come along. Georgina was a friend of Jess', she was a tall redhead who wore an all-in-one jumpsuit. She'd brought along her flatmate Emma, who was an attractive and well-endowed blonde, who wore a knee length black dress and tights, although Leah noticed that she didn't sit in a very ladylike fashion, as she had her legs drawn right up to her bum, and anybody who looked her way could see her frilly turquoise knickers on display. Leah didn't want to point this out to somebody she'd only just met, though! Emma was quite drunk and announced she needed a wee, which made Georgina realise she did too. Leah felt she could do with a wee too, and all three girls headed towards the bathroom.

When they got there there seemed to be some sort of a commotion. Aofie and her friend, Mariah, were knocking on the door. “Come on guys, we're bursting!” they shouted. Laura's unmistakable Somerset twang replied “We'll be as quick as possible, Amy isn't feeling too well” - all Amy could contribute to the discussion was the sound of retching. Georgina, Emma and Leah joined the queue of girls and Leah noticed that Aofie looked as desperate as she sounded, with her legs tightly crossed. Mariah, her friend, was a tall slim brunette with a very skinny figure, who wore jeans and a top, but was fidgeting and unable to stay still. Her jeans slipped down to reveal the top of some black knickers with blue stars. Georgina asked if there was any point in staying in the queue, but Emma pointed out that there would be an even longer queue if they came back later - “And I really can't wait that long” she said, almost with tears in her eyes.

At that point the door opened and Laura called over to Leah. “Amy's not feeling well, she's going to lie down in my room. Can you help me carry her?”. Leah supported the dead weight of their drunken friend and helped Laura move her into her room and lie her down on the floor, with a bucket in close proximity just in case. “Right, I'll keep a check on her” said Laura “God, I need a wee though!”. This reminded Leah of her own need, so having made sure Amy was alright her and Laura returned to the bathroom queue.

By the time they were back in the hallway, Aofie was in the bathroom, herself taking her time. Her friend Mariah was by now frantically jogging on the spot, and she in turn banged on the door. “Come on Aofie!” she cried “Some of us are still busting for a wee!”.

“It isn't just a wee I needed” replied Aofie. “Hurry up!” squealed Mariah, as she bent over with crossed legs.

Emma looked in great pain. “Leah?” she whispered quietly “Is this... the only bathroom?”. Leah confirmed that it was and Emma looked folorn. “I really can't wait, I'm about to wet myself!”. She bent over and jammed a hand in her crotch. If she wasn't ladylike earlier she definitely wasn't now, and her cleavage was amply on display to anybody who cared to look, encased in a plain white bra. “Oh god... no... noooo!” she whimpered, jamming her hand in her crotch even further. “Leah, help, I'm actually starting to wet myself!”.

Leah took the situation in hand and dragged Emma to one side and took her through the kitchen to the utility room. Here there was the washing machine, fridge, shelves and the holy grail of... a sink. “It's the best I can do, can you hop up on there?” asked Leah. Emma didn't need any convincing, as a dripping sound heralded the first wave leaking from her onto the floor. There was a hissing sound as she hiked herself up onto the sink and Leah could see her turquoise knickers getting wet, as Emma pulled them down mid-flow and let loose a ferocious waterfall into the sink.

“Oh phew... oh god... that feels better.... oh fuck” she said as she looked down to her bushy privates, and then onto her wet knickers. “Don't worry” said Leah, in a matter-of-fact way, “I'll sort you out”. Emma finished weeing into the sink and began crying. “Oh my god, what have I done? I'm 19, 19, and I've wet my pants, oh shit....”. Leah took charge of the situation. “Right, come with me and I'll sort you out”. Emma pulled her sodden knickers up and they left the bathroom, walking through to Leah's bedroom, where they shut the door.

“I can't promise style” said Leah “But I should have something that'll fit you! Take off your old knickers”. Emma seemed distraught and didn't know what to do, so she just followed Leah's directions and slipped off her turquoise frilly knickers, which were by now soaking. Leah found a pair of old plain white knickers. “Will these do?” she asked Emma, who said she thought that anything was better than going commando, and she slipped the knickers on under her dress. Leah also found a pair of tights, so nobody else would know the difference.

“Thanks Leah” she said “It's true what Laura said, you're a really decent person”. Leah blushed! Emma was feeling better now she was tidied up and dry, but kindly accepted Leah's offer of sitting in her room for a few minutes before she went back to the rest of the party. Leah was desperate herself now and her poor bladder was screaming, so she apologised but went back to finally relieve herself. “Oh god” said Emma “I never realised you were desperate, I'm so sorry!”.

Back outside the bathroom, Leah took her place in the queue again, behind Laura. Her top had risen above her stomach, revealing her flat tummy which showed a slight bulge from the pressure of her bladder. Leah was immensely jealous of her perfect figure, although she wasn't exactly unattractive herself. Laura was amazingly self-confident, which was just as well since she was a dancer who would appear on stage in next to nothing. "Oh come on" said Laura "I'm desperate". Leah looked on sympathetically, as she moved from side to side, unable to stand still for fear of being unable to hold on. There was a sound of the toilet flushing, and Laura started to undo her belt and top button, whilst still fidgeting around. The bathroom door opened and Georgina appeared, looking a bit embarrassed, as Laura made a beeline for the toilet. “Where's Emma?” she asked Leah “Is she ok?”

“She's in my room” replied Leah “She, well, she's alright now”, not being sure what to say to Georgina, who went into Leah's room to see how Emma was doing.

Having spent so much time worrying about everybody else, Leah became acutely aware of her own desperation. She was hanging on for dear life, jogging about on the spot, but her bladder was aching and she felt like she couldn't have long left herself. At least she was at the front of the queue by now! She crossed her legs and hoped that Laura would hurry up – she could hear a long, loud hissing sound come from the bathroom. She grimaced in horror as she felt a tiny squirt escape from her over-full bladder and leak into her knickers. She knew from past experience that she had to get to a toilet very soon, or else she'd have an accident. The first squirts were a warning from her bladder that it couldn't take anymore - it had to be released.

Finally she could hear Laura wiping and flushing the toilet, and the toilet door opened. “I'm sorry I took so long Leah, I-” - Leah wasn't concerned about apologies. She slammed the bathroom door and bolted it, feeling another squirt, then waddled awkwardly backwards to the toilet. As she got to the toilet, she felt a longer squirt escape, with a distinct warm feeling in her knickers. She lifted her skirt just as a second long squirt started, and pulled her knickers down and sat on the toilet in one fell swoop and released.

She sat on the toilet, panting after the strenuous effort of holding her bladder for so long. Looking down, she could see a damp spot at the front of her knickers, followed by a trail going down her knickers where she'd moved them out of the way just in time. Her eyes ran to the bin in the bathroom, at the top of which was a pair of blue knickers with yellow lace around the edge. Who could have left them there? It wasn't Laura, as she'd seen her thong earlier. Leah could see that whoever owned them had had a considerable accident, probably far too much to contemplate putting back on. Her ponderings finished as she felt her bladder empty, and she wiped herself and her knickers. They felt a bit cold as she put them back on, but she couldn't exactly go out with no knickers on.

Leah left the bathroom and went back to her own bedroom, where Emma and Georgina were sitting. "Leah" said Emma, as she walked in "Georgina had a similar problem to me..." - Georgina blushed bright red. "It wasn't my fault! These body suits are great until you have to try undoing one whilst you're busting for a pee!".

"Aw, it's alright! I've been there!" said Leah, being her usual caring self "You can borrow some old pants from me, if you'd like?". She found some old plain white knickers and passed them to Georgina, who promptly undid the top of her bodysuit. As she pulled it down, she revealed a blue bra with a yellow lace, and then no knickers underneath. Leah's mind remembered the knickers abandoned in the toilet, and everything made sense! Georgina turned around and bent her naked arse towards the girls as she pulled on the plain knickers, and then did up the rest of her outfit again. "Leah, you're a lifesaver!" she said, hugging her.

The girls left Leah's bedroom and returned to the living room where the alcohol was flowing, although they were all more careful now. Leah knew what happened when she got more than a bit tipsy - she needed to wee and it too often ended in disaster. It very nearly had done tonight! Luckily, it felt like she'd dried off after her near-miss.

"Shall we go and check on Amy?" suggested Laura, and Leah came along for moral support. They opened the door and Amy was groggily on the floor, mumbling incoherantly. Both girls looked at the bucket which was fortunately empty, so nothing else had come up. They looked down her and saw a large damp puddle underneath her leggings. "Oh god Leah, she's pissed herself!". Laura took Amy's leggings and pulled them down, to reveal her yellow french knickers several shades darker than they should be. "Do you have any spare knickers we could give her?" asked Laura "I might do" giggled Leah. She wondered if there would be anybody not wearing her spare knickers by the end of the night!

