Black Lagoon, Golden Rain

Author: PPP

*000*2021-09-28 21:16

Here it is, the final installment in my Black Lagoon fanfic trilogy and my longest one yet. It's a sequel to these two stories: https://www.omorashi.org/topic/54490-yellow-lagoon/

And https://www.omorashi.org/topic/63978-omovember-2020-day-28/

, and while it briefly references events from the other stories, you don't strictly need to have read them prior to this one. Hope you like it!

###

I'll post a warning here (again) for strong sexual content and language.

###

Hot air blew in through the open window. Groaning, Rokuro “Rock” Okajima rolled over in his bed. Sweat soaked his shirt and boxer shorts. Even if the weather had been nicer, though, he still wouldn’t have been able to sleep. Not with his mind racing like it was.

By all accounts, he should have been resting easy, relaxed and content. The Lagoon Company’s latest delivery had been a massive success, leaving them flush with cash. In an unexpected burst of charity, their boss Dutch had rented them rooms for a night at the Roanapur Royale, the nicest hotel in the city. Only the richest mob bosses could afford to stay there long-term. Still, it was nice to live like a king for a day. With its silken sheets and well-stocked mini fridge, Rock’s room was a huge step up from his usual dwellings. Still, something was eating at his mind: his coworker, Rebecca “Revy” Lee.

Until recently, Rock had been sure that he understood their relationship: they were work partners who, despite their clashes, held a mutual respect and understanding. They knew that one could always depend upon the other; she was his gun and he was her bullet. She was probably the closest thing he had to a friend, but at the end of the day they were just partners; nothing more, nothing less.

Or so he had thought. Lately, some of her actions towards him had seemed a little… leading. Like the time she had tossed her wet shorts in his face and flaunted her bare buttocks at him. Or when she had offered to hold him while he took a leak. If she were any other girl, Rock would have been certain she was coming on to him, but Revy was different. He knew she had always been crass; maybe this was just Revy being herself. If he responded in kind, would she just snap at him?

Rock groaned again as the next point came up in his head. Did he feel the same way about her? Honestly, he wasn’t sure. They were certainly very close, but when it came to taking the next step, he faltered. Rock knew Revy would never open up to him directly, so that left him to make the first move. But if he was misreading her signals, then he would just end up pissing her off. And a pissed-off Revy was not something he wanted to deal with. Rock rolled over, his mind still analyzing the possibilities.

###

Across the hall, Revy was wide awake as well.

“Fuck me,” she moaned. “This isn’t working.” Scowling, she withdrew one hand from inside her shorts and put down the tattered porn magazine she held in the other. She had been trying unsuccessfully to get herself off for several minutes, and had finally been forced to admit defeat. Revy picked up the magazine again and tried to figure out the problem. Despite the lurid images in front of her, she couldn’t concentrate on them. Her mind kept drifting to one thing: Rock.

Fucking hell. Was she actually starting to… feel for him? It was true that Rock’s companionship had brought a spark of light into her pitch-black life, but this was new. Or was it? Revy thought back to the times she had teased him, almost flirted with him. At the time, she had just been having some fun at his expense. But now Revy had to wonder: had there been another, subconscious reason? Was there a small part of her that wanted him to reciprocate? To take her up on her offer of holding his dick, to respond to the sight of her bare ass by pinning her down and taking her-

Revy shook off that train of thought. She gazed at one of the magazine’s photos, one showing a man and a woman having what appeared to be some great sex. Closing her eyes, Revy tried to picture herself and Rock in the couple’s place. The image popped up for a moment, and she felt a jolt of electricity run down her spine, making her quiver from head to toe.

“Oh yeah,” Revy moaned softly. Her eyes shot open and she stood up with a renewed sense of purpose. There were still a lot of questions to sort through in her mind, but those could wait. Revy was a woman who knew what she wanted, and right now that was Rock. Fuck this psychoanalytic bullshit. She strode out the door and into the hallway. It was time to go after what she wanted.

###

“Forget it,” Rock said to himself. “Just put it out of your mind until morning. Not a minute after he made this vow, there was a knock on his door. Cursing under his breath, Rock got out of bed to answer. He opened the door and was surprised to see Revy standing there, an intense look in her eyes.

“Revy, wha-” Rock’s words were cut off as she practically leapt on him and pressed her lips against his. Shocked, he staggered backwards. Revy clung to him, not coming up for air until the two fell onto the bed. Rock barely had a moment to think before she was on him again. Heart racing, he closed his eyes and kissed her back. Rock’s paralyzed brain barely registered the fact that her tongue was now forcing its way into his mouth. It was bitter (not surprising given her smoking habit), but somehow it didn’t bother him.

Revy pulled back again and Rock opened his eyes. She was straddling him now, her hands undoing the buttons on his shirt so fast that it nearly tore.

“Revy, wait,” he managed to get out. There was a tiny nagging doubt in his mind. “Are you sure you want to do this?”

In response, Revy pulled her crop top up over her head. She wasn’t wearing a bra (as usual), and her breasts gave an alluring bounce as they were freed from their fabric prison. Revy leaned over, leaving them hanging less than a foot from Rock’s face. Getting a closer look, he had to admit it: her tits were perfect. Cliche but true.

“Do I look unsure to you?” Revy whispered, and there was a wild hunger in her eyes.

“No.” Rock barely had time to sputter the answer before she kissed him again.

Revy pulled down her shorts and panties in one swift motion and flung them aside. Rock stared at her strip of pubic hair, which was already slick. He reached down to remove his own boxer shorts but Revy was faster, yanking them off like she was unwrapping a Christmas present. He was already hard, of course, and she gave a hungry grin before jumping on top of him and swiftly guiding him inside her. Through the haze of pleasure, Rock had one thought: Revy in bed was much like Revy in combat; wild, uncontrolled and clearly having the time of her life. She was doing most of the work, thrusting back and forth with wild abandon, crying out in ecstasy as she rode him. Rock had never experienced such an amazing sensation in his life. He had had sex before (maybe less often than he cared to admit), but this was on a whole different level. He reached up to fondle her breasts. They felt just as good as he had imagined, and Revy’s cries grew even louder.

Although his senses were all on overdrive, Rock had enough sense left to speak up after a few minutes.

“Revy,” he moaned, “I’m gonna-”

She jumped off of him, red-faced and panting.

“No fuckin’ way I’m getting pregnant,” Revy panted. “Don’t worry though; I won’t leave you with blue balls. Sit up. There’s another reason they call me ‘Two Hands.’”

Rock did as he was told and she went to work, rubbing his shaft with the same enthusiasm she had shown earlier. It wasn’t long before he felt it again.

“Revy, I- ahhh!”

“Ugh! Goddammit, Rock!”

The silence that filled the air was palpable. Revy wiped her face off and turned to face him, her eyes blazing.

“Rock,” she said in a deceptively soft tone, “tell me something. At what point did I tell you to blow your load all over my fucking face?”

“You, uh, didn’t,” a mortified Rock replied. Part of his brain chided him; he should have known something would set Revy off.

“Damn right I didn’t,” she growled. “Now lie back down.” Rock obeyed, and a moment later he grunted as she sat on his chest. Her vulva was an inch from his face, pink and wet.

“Start licking,” Revy ordered. “Finish me off and I might forgive you.”

Not daring to disobey, Rock closed his eyes and did as he was told. Revy’s tongue had been bitter, but her pussy had more of a salty taste. Again, he didn’t mind, but he didn’t want to think about what might happen if his performance wasn’t up to par.

“Not good enough,” Revy declared after just a little while. “Looks like I’ll have to punish you.”

Rock pulled back and was about to ask what she meant. Before he could say anything, however, he felt a warm stream of liquid land in his open mouth. Sputtering, Rock opened his eyes, which instantly went wide with shock.

Revy had adjusted her position so that she was squatting a few inches above his face. A golden stream was flowing steadily from between her legs. Revy gave a small sigh of relief as she kept peeing, then grinned wickedly.

“That’s right,” she muttered, “just lie there and take it, bitch.”

Rock’s mind spun as he tried to process several new pieces of information. Revy was pissing on him. Pissing right in his mouth. She must have had a lot to drink, her bladder was still going. And it tasted a bit like beer, but a lot saltier.Lastly, and most surprisingly, he once again found he didn’t mind. Rock chose not to question why that was for now, and simply swallowed Revy’s liquid gold.

Revy noticed.

“Fuck,” she growled, “don’t tell me you’re enjoying this!” There was a pause as the realization hit her. “Holy shit,” she cried, “you actually are! You’re getting off to me pissing on your face!”

Rock was silent. He wasn’t sure how Revy would react to the revelation that her ‘punishment’ wasn’t working. To his relief, she simply laughed in disbelief.

“Rock, you dirty son of a bitch,” she said, still peeing freely. “Drink up!”

He did as he was told, even as Revy shook her hips to spray her urine all over his face. The warm liquid ran down his throat until eventually Revy’s stream began to slow down.

“Jesus Christ, Rock,” Revy laughed, pushing out a few spurts of pee. “You are one sick- fuuuuuck!” Rock had thrust his eager tongue into her still-dripping pussy. He closed his eyes and let himself explore, savoring the taste as Revy cried out in pleasure.

“Fuck,” she moaned again, “holy fuuuuuuuck!” She climaxed explosively, spraying Rock’s face with a second fluid.

For a while, there was silence. Revy rolled off of Rock and onto the bed next to him, panting and red-faced. They both lay there, sweaty, filthy, and feeling better than they had in their entire lives. Eventually, Revy broke the quiet.

“Damn,” she said softly, “I should’ve fucked your brains out months ago.”

“Um, thanks,” said Rock. “You were great too.”

“‘Great?’” Revy laughed, playfully punching him in the shoulder. “Rock, baby, admit it: I’m the best lay you’ve ever had.”

“Why would I have to admit it?” Rock replied, getting some confidence back. “We both already know it’s true.”

“Damn straight,” said Revy, slowly sitting up. “Now c’mon, let’s wash all this shit off.”

The shower in the connected bathroom was easily large enough for two people. The pair took full advantage of that, stepping under the hot water together. Rock watched as Revy lathered up her naked body, thoroughly enjoying the show.

“Hey,” she said, “wash my back, will you?”

“Sure thing,” Rock answered. He rubbed the soap on his hands, then ran them slowly down Revy’s tattooed back. Another jolt of confidence went through him, and he reached a little lower. She whipped her head around, briefly startling Rock, but then just grinned.

“Great, ain’t it?” she bragged. “Don’t blame you for wanting a feel.”

Once Revy was clean, she turned to Rock.

“Your turn,” she said, and he obligingly turned around to feel her hands going down his spine. Then, without warning, one hand reached down and gave his balls a gentle squeeze. Rock yelped and jumped away as Revy laughed.

“Now we’re even,” she taunted playfully.

The two continued to soak in the shower, even after they were clean. The hot water was a rare luxury, and it felt incredible. Eventually, Rock worked up the courage to say what he knew they were both thinking.

“So,” he asked, “what does this make us?” Revy was silent, and for a moment Rock feared he had pushed too far. He was about to apologize when Revy responded.

“I'm not sure,” she said slowly. “This is all… new. For now, let’s say… let’s say friends. Friends with benefits. Some really sweet-ass benefits.”

“Fine by me,” said Rock, relieved. With someone like Revy, it was probably best to let her set the pace. If this was what she was comfortable admitting, that was fine with him. And he liked the sound of that ‘for now.” Who knew what the future might bring?

“Aw, shit,” groaned Revy, interrupting Rock’s musings. “I gotta take a piss.”

“Again?” he asked. “I thought you emptied yourself out.”

“I swallowed a lot of shower water,” Revy said with a shrug.

“Well, there’s a toilet over-”

“Are you joking? I’m staying in here ‘til I turn into a prune. Stand back! Or don’t.”

Rock was about to ask what she meant, but the answer quickly became clear. Revy stood above the shower drain with her legs spread, then Rock heard a quiet sigh as she let go, releasing a golden stream of urine. The splashing sound it made as it hit the floor mixed with the steady drizzle from the shower head. Watching her relieve herself so freely, so brazenly, Rock felt his penis growing stiff again. Revy noticed.

“Well, well, well,” she said, shaking off the last few drops of pee. She looked at him with a feral hunger in her eyes. “Looks like somebody’s ready for round two…”

THE END

