Omovember 2020: Day 21

Author: PPP

*000*2020-11-24 04:22

$$

Time for some Pokémon omorashi! Yes, I used the "aggressive and Scottish" personality for Gloria.

###

Day 21: Wetting a swimsuit Nessa (Pokemon Sword + Shield)

###

Nessa, leader of the Hulbury Gym in Galar, lay back in her inner tube, sipping an iced tea. There hadn’t been many challengers at her gym lately, and she was taking a moment to relax in her pool, dressed in her usual two-piece swimsuit, her Pokémon lounging around her. She closed her eyes and sighed in contentment.

“This is the life,” she said to herself. “I enjoy a good battle as much as the next fellow, but the peace and calm are where it’s really at. I think-”

“Oi, you! Yes, you!”

Nessa sat up, annoyed that her reverie had been disturbed. The cause was standing at the edge of the pool, dressed in a skirt and cap.

“I suppose you’re here to challenge me?” said Nessa, unable to keep the irritation out of her voice.

“No, I’m here to ask for your autograph!” snarked the intruder. “Of course I’m here to challenge you!”

“In that case,” said Nessa, managing to keep herself calm, “I will need a moment to prepare my Pokemon.”

“Very well,” said the challenger. “Take all the time you want; I’ll still beat you!”

Nessa gulped down the rest of her iced tea and paddled her inner tube over to the pool’s edge. She climbed out, shaking the water out of her long black hair, and headed for the gym’s locker room. Nessa dried herself with a towel, then selected her Pokémon for the battle.

“Goldeen, Arrokuda, and Drednaw,” she said to herself, grabbing their Pokéballs. “You should do quite nicely. Let’s see. Anything else?” As if in response, a spasm ran through her bladder.

Ah, yes, Nessa thought. I need to have a wee; that iced tea works quickly. Well, that shouldn’t take long at-

“You ready yet?” called the challenger. “You’re borin’ me to death out here.”

“Coming!” snapped Nessa.

Never mind, I can hold it for now.

Nessa strode out into the arena. In the center was a large circular pool with several platforms floating in it. The challenger stood on the other side, smirking confidently.

“My name is Gloria!” she announced. “And I challenge you for the Water Badge!”

“Challenge accepted,” said Nessa calmly. Both threw their Pokéballs, which burst open to reveal the first fighters. Nessa, who had decided to start simple with the fish-like Goldeen, laughed when she saw her opponent’s first pick. It was a Raboot, a Fire-type! Despite the type disadvantage, the rabbit Pokémon leapt into battle with vigor, delivering a double kick that did some decent damage. Goldeen retaliated with Whirlpool, a powerful move that dropped its foe in a single hit.

Nessa smirked as Gloria cursed and called back her first Pokémon.

If the rest are this easy, I’ll be done in no time! she thought. She hoped that would be the case; her need to pee was getting worse, and the sounds of her Pokémon splashing in the water weren’t helping.

“Go, Wooloo!” shouted Gloria, sending out the Sheep Pokémon. It charged toward the edge of its platform with a loud bleat.

“Goldeen, Horn Attack!” Nessa commanded. Her Pokémon leapt out of the water and met Wooloo horn-to-horns. There was a loud crack, and both collapsed. But only Wolloo got up.

“I guess that was too much for you,” said Nessa, putting her unconscious Goldeen back in its ball. “That’s okay, you did your best. Let’s see how she handles this!”

Her next Pokémon was the dart-shaped Arrokuda. The sleek fish burst from its Pokéball and launched itself at Wooloo, snapping at it with its powerful jaws. Wooloo retaliated with a kick, but Arrokuda tanked the hit and continued the assault, knocking out its foe with a well-placed bite.

“Agh!” cried Gloria. “I’m down to me last Pokémon here!”

Good, thought Nessa, fidgeting slightly. I’m not sure how much longer I can last. Now let’s end this so I can take a trip to the loo!

“You think you’ve won,” Gloria hissed, “but I’ve got one last trick up me sleeve. Let’s go, Yamper!”

Nessa groaned inwardly as her opponent’s last Pokémon let out an excited bark. It was an Electric-type, Water’s natural weakness! She felt her hopes for a quick and easy win fade away.

Don't think like that! Nessa told herself. I can still win this!

“Arrokuda, use Fury Attack!” Her Pokémon obeyed, jabbing at Yamper repeatedly with its pointed snout. The Puppy Pokémon retaliated by rubbing its fuzzy cheeks against its foe. Static electricity rushed through Arrokuda, causing it to faint.

This is it, thought Nessa. We’re both down to our last Pokémon! She winced as she felt her bladder spasm. Maybe I should throw the fight so I can be done sooner?

No! Nessa scolded herself. One way or another, I have to see this through! Crossing her legs, she lifted up her final Pokéball.

“Looks like I’m down to one last Pokémon,” Nessa announced. “I’ve been saving the best for last! Go, Drednaw!” The hulking, turtle-shaped Pokémon emerged with a growl. Gloria sneered.

“Another Water-type?” she taunted. “Like that’s going to work!”

“Just watch,” said Nessa, slapping the band on her wrist. “Flood the stadium and make it our ocean! Drednaw, time to Dynamax!” The Dynamax Band took effect, boosting Drednaw to an enormous size. To her credit, Gloria didn’t give up easily.

“Yamper, use Spark!” she commanded. Her Pokémon released a jolt of electricity, but that barely fazed the powered-up Drednaw.

“Time to end this!” shouted Nessa. “Drednaw! Max Darkness!” At her command, a swirling portal opened above her Pokémon. Dark energy surged from it, striking Yamper and knocking it out.

“No!” Gloria cried at the loss of her last Pokémon. She took a deep breath, regaining her composure. “Well, you beat me. Good job. Oi, where are you going?” Nessa didn’t reply. Her bladder had reached its limit, and she was making a desperate dash to the locker room. She could feel droplets of pee leaking out, and she shoved her hands between her legs in a desperate attempt to hold it in. Nessa reached the door to the locker room and opened it with a trembling hand. Much to her dismay, the toilets were on the other end of the room. Now leaking worse than ever, Nessa rushed towards the nearest stall.

The next few seconds seemed to happen in slow motion. Nessa took a running step forward, but when her foot landed, she felt it slip on the slick floor. She flailed her arms, trying to keep her balance, but it was no use. Nessa fell backwards, landing hard on her bottom. The impact was too much for her poor bladder.

“No! No!” Nessa cried as she felt the floodgates open. Pee poured out of her, soaking the front of her swimsuit and running down her legs in rivulets. She made an effort to stop the flow, but quickly realized it was no good; her bladder wouldn’t obey. Instead, Nessa could only sit there mortified as urine pooled up beneath her, forming a golden puddle on the locker room floor.

When at last she had finished peeing, Nessa took a moment to survey the damage. The crotch of her swimsuit was so wet, it looked like she had jumped in the pool. Her legs were slick with yellow droplets. And it would take a while to clean up the puddle she had left behind.

I can’t believe it, Nessa thought glumly. I was so close, but I wet myself.

“Well, at least nobody saw,” she mumbled, trying to cheer herself up. “And I showed Gloria a thing or two!” Feeling a bit better, Nessa stood up and headed for the shower. She peeled off her soiled swimsuit and turned on the water. She let out a sigh of pleasure as the warm spray caressed her skin.

A warm shower is always nice, Nessa thought. I just wish I didn’t need to clean myself so badly!

###

