She Woke Up Desperate, and Has To Get To Work

Author: PainlessSolo

*000*2021-08-31 07:53

Hello There. This my first post here, so tell me what you think. Constructive criticism is always appreciated.

Mmmh. I automatically stop my alarm. My eyes flutter open as the sun beam shines through the window, tickling my skin with it's warmth. I begin to feel the satisfaction of a good night's rest, my bed almost hugging me in it's comfortable embrace. And the morning air filling my lungs refreshes my senses and rejuvenates HOOOOOLY SHIT I HAVE TO PEE!!!!

As I wake up, and gather my thoughts, I feel an enormous pressure in my lower abdomen, and it really freaking hurts. My legs close and bend inward. My hands immediately reach for the bottom of my big night shirt, pull it up and feel that area, and it feels so round and hard. I slowly and carefully try to sit up on the edge of my bed, and I can feel all the liquid sloshing around in there and beating at the walls of my pussy. Oooh I really gotta pee! It's like someone overfilled a bucket and I'm trying not to knock it over. I try to pull my sweatpants wasteline away from my bladder.

As my legs bounce rapidly, I try to think back to the night before to remember why I'm this desperate. So like, I was at my friend's house with a few other people, and we were celebrating her promotion at her firm. Unlike my other friends, I don't drink alcohol, so they got me a couple of soda bottles, and we drank, and played games, and…. Jesus, did I drink almost 4 liters? Uhh- ohh my goodness. Um, I peed a little after I got back home, but I didn't have to go that much. But I was pretty wired from all the soda and the fact that this hottie Eric from the aquatic center I work at pulled me aside and finally asked me out. God he's so sweet I can't wait. For… more than one thing right now. Anyway, I was afraid I wouldn't get to sleep so I took a sleeping pill before bed. A pretty strong one, so that explains why my bladder didn't wake me up earlier. Though I'm really surprised I didn't wet the bed, 'cause christ I'm full!

I legit can't remember the last time being this full, but I really need to take care of this so I can get ready for work. I stand up still cupping my bladder, and I have to hunch over and cross my legs. I stiffly walk to my door, out to the hallway, and towards the bathroom. I grab the doorknob, turn it, and bump into the door. What? It's locked. And there's a light on underneath it. It's probably my roommate, Todd.

"Todd?" I say knocking on the door. Ohh being this close sucks. I have to cross my legs and almost dance in place. I knock again. "HEY TODD!"

"Huh? What?" He says.

"Hey, what are you doing in there?"

"Um, taking a shit?"

"Are you done yet?"

"No, I basically just sat down."

"Well can you like, stop for a sec so I can come in and use the bathroom? I promise I'll be quick."

"No I'm not gonna stop! That shit hurts."

"Come on, Please? I really gotta go, and I have to get ready for work. You don't have to get up. If you just let me in, I'll go in the tub."

"Hell! No! You're not peeing in the tub next to me Kim! Just wait a few minutes. Or like, hold it till you get to work."

"But… urrrg!"

Damn it! If I know him, he probably finished messing a while ago and is just "Playing" on his phone. Plus I'm pretty sure he's into pee, so if anything I'd be helping him if he let me in… Why the hell am I thinking like that?

Ok ok. Um, I still have about an hour before I gotta be at work, and I really don't think I can wait that long. Wait. The convenience store down the street! If I leave now, I can go over there and use their customer bathroom, and still make it to work on time! Plus get a breakfast sandwich, cause I'm really hungry.

I hurry back to my room, dance in place as I grab my shoes, phone, purse, a pair of jean shorts, panties, a bra, a pink striped tank top, my already packed work bag and my personal mouthwash bottle. Oof, all the bending over is not helping. I take my armful of crap and speed walk to the kitchen. Wait. Could I just pee in the… (sigh) No I can't. The sink is full of dirty dishes. Dammit Todd it was your turn! … I think? I'll figure it out later.

I cannot stand still as I swish the mouthwash around my mouth in front of the sink. I squeezing my thighs together, swinging my hips side to side, bobbing up and down, If a dude could see me and didn't know how badly I had to pee they'd probably think I was doing an erotic dance.

I spit the mouthwash out and rinse it Ohhh nooo why did I run the faucet?!

I strip naked, put on my panties, bra tank top, shorts, socks and sneakers. Honestly I feel cute! I kinda wanna go back upstairs and check myself out. My hair's probably a mess. Aaah no time! Gotta pee!

I grab my stuff and head out the door. Todds probably gonna be steamed that I left my clothes on the floor again, but what are you gonna do? Sitting in my car with jean shorts really squishes my bladder, and I can feel it trying to move through me. I give my crotch a good squeeze. AHH! WHY!? Why is my neighbor watering his flower bed this early? Just endure it girl. Only a three minute drive to that store, and you're home free.

As I'm driving my bladder very quickly grew impatient, and gave me a serious spasm. I'm trying not to panic, it's not far, but i really gotta go, and it's hard to multitask driving and focusing on not peeing, i can't cross my legs, I'm not the best one handed driver, so I'm relying mostly on my vag muscles, which are probably already pretty tired from holding all night.

I finally pull up to the store's parking lot. Getting out of the car is no easy task, neither is trying to walk with some semblance of dignity while carrying a five pound water balloon in my gut. I briefly wave at the clerk as he greets me by name, and make my way to the back where I grab a bottled coffee. God the thought of putting more liquid in my body gives me shivers, but I know I'll need something to wash down my sandwich.

I go back to the counter and order a breakfast sandwich from the heating rack and he rings them up.

"5.50 for ya, kim."

"Thanks." I Say swiping my card. "And can I get your bathroom key please? I really really have to go right now."

"Yeah I figured." He says, noticing my potty dance. "Let me guess. Todd's hogging the bathroom again this morning?"

"Oh my god, yes!" We both laugh, but I have to stop myself cause it hurts to laugh right now.

"Anyways, someone else already has the key. You gotta wait for them."

"Wait, what? Seriously?"

"No. Someone has the key ironically."

"Oh come on."

I take my bag of food and go around the outside to the bathroom door. Sure enough, the door is locked, and the red "Occupied" sign is up. I knock. "Hello. Are you almost done in there?" I cross my legs waiting for an answer. But the answer doesn't come. I knock again. "Excuse me?" I still hear nothing. I try waiting a few more minutes for some kind of sign that there is a living person here, but my overfull bladder is starting to scream at me to set it up with this pretty toilet five feet in front of me. I'm clenching, crossing, and almost doing a full squat against the wall. I HAVE to get in there! I knock harder this time. "Hey! Open up! Other people need to use the bathroom here! (Knock knock knock) Come on!"

Oh my god I have to pee so bad! I don't know if the person is dead or what, but I look at my watch and if I stay any longer I'm gonna be late for work. I'm just… gonna have to hold it until I get to the center.

Ok I'm back on the road, driving safe, my jeans are cutting into my bladder, i can't keep my legs apart, but also can't stop shaking them, but I think the pee has settled. I finished my sandwich, and had to take a few sips of coffee, which, even that, I can feel, but not in panic mode. I think you can make it to work. Not much further. You can totally hold it. Just think about something else. Take your mind off it.

Maybe think about your date with Eric. What should I wear? Where will he take me? Maybe A nice candle lit dinner, at a fancy restaurant, with an expensive bottle of WINE!

Mmmph.

Different place. Maybe a walk around downtown. We could see some sights, eat at vendors, see some street performers, or that giant beautiful… FOUNTAIN!

Ooooh...

M- maybe we could do something we both like! UUUhhh… DIVING!? Ah! Why do we gotta work at an aquatic center!?

I Instinctively lean forward to try to help. It backfires. Bladder getting squished.

C'monC'mon youcanholdit youcanholdit youcanholdit! Just look out the window. Find distractions. I-I see a green GMC truck behind me, and the… window spurts fluid up to wipe the windshield. No no the uhh there's an old minivan in front of me… with some kind of liquid dripping out from underneath! Come on! Uhh food signs, library, a-a camaro to my left, he's got his window down, and he's… pouring… water… out of a bottle… and it…. Splatters… all over the asphalt! (Squeal) SHIT I DON'T THINK I CAN MAKE IT TO WORK!

My hand flies to my crotch and puts it in a vice grip. I can't take my hand away or I'm gonna leak. At best! I have to go pee and I have to go right now! I still have nineteen minutes left to get to work. Even if I'm a few minutes late it'll be worth it. It is not worth having a full on accident in my shorts or my car.

Come on, come on there has to be somewhere. Something. Anything! Urgg why are all the open stores employee or customer only? I can't pay for a potty again. Why is it so hard to install public toilets? Or put portapotties everywhere? They can't be hard to make. I know there's a crap ton of plastic no one's using.

Wait a minute. I see a public park coming up on my side of the street. Lentis Park! AND I KNOW IT HAS A BATHROOM!

I get so excited I damn near slam the breaks. I gasp as I give my bladder a powerful jolt and come so very very close to leaking I could taste it. I squeeze with all my might and I'm close to crying. I switch lanes and I try my best to park at the curb, but like I said i'm bad with one hand and i'm really in a hurry so I end up getting one tire right up on the curb and I take another painful bounce.

I climb out of my car, and hobble to the toilet building hunched over with both my hands in my crotch. I look so embarrassing, but I'm past the point of dignity here. I'm like those detrol commercials just muttering "Gotta go gotta go gotta go right now!" I see the door handle glimmer like a golden gate! I'm so close to relief, please don't be locked or closed for cleaning. I pull on the handle, and the door opens as smooth as butter! I peer inside to my treasu…. (GAG) OH! UGH! JESUS CHRIST! There's shit and grime and paper and god knows what else just all over the place! What the fuck!? This place NEEDS to be locked and closed for cleaning! How the hell could they let it get this ba- (GASP) Oh my god.

I got distracted and I think I just leaked. My bladder really thought it was gonna get to release there and it's sending such strong signals to go right now. It was barely big enough to dampen my panties but I am clenching with everything I've got. Oh my gosh, what do I do? What do I do what do I do i gotta pee i gotta pee i gotta pee so fucking bad I'm gonna explode WHAT DO I DO!?

Ok ok stop panicking. You look so ridiculous dancing around in front of the bathroom like a little girl. You have to think of something. You can't hold it much longer, and you can't pee in that bathroom. Although… I am in a park. If I want it to be, anywhere could be my bathroom! I just need to find a private place to pop a squat fast. Uhhh, this building is big enough. I move around to the back of the toilet house, and check to see if the coast is clear. But this area is in plain view of the street where a bunch of cars and walkers pass by. Not good. Uhh, maybe the right wall. I think there's a trash can that could cover me. I look around the corner, and there is a trash can against the wall. And… a fountain. Where some dude is drinking. (Cringe) all that trickling…

That's no good anyway. That's in view of the path where a few people are walking. I try to hurry over to the area with the trees and bushes. A mom and her little boy are scurrying down the path past me, and he says "Potty mommy I gotta go potty!" Yeah you and me both, kid. Good luck with that bathroom though. I am desperately scanning the woods looking for some privacy. I find a nice big tree to hide behind, and start working on my buttons. But some joggers pass by on the path in front of me. Shit. I go looking again. I spot a tree right next to a bush that should provide good cover.

But as I approach, there's a couple on a bench 10 feet away from it. They'd definitely hear me, or see me go in there. I go looking again. I find another tree to hide behind. I look around, and of course just when I think It's clear, a guy and his dog come walking by. Dammit! Everything's way too open. Why are there so many people in a park this early? Oh, but I see one big thicket of bushes that could give me almost total cover. And no one would be close by to hear me. Perfect! I quickly get to the bushes and try to find the opening. But by the moment I find it, I hear… some kind of noise from nearby. I peer through the opening, and there's that mother and her boy from earlier. They're facing away and she's got her hands on his shoulders, and he sighs as his little stream arcs up and soaks the leaves in front of him. "Feel better sweetie?" The mom says. "Yep!"

Nooooo!

I hurry away before I look like a creep. Or WET! There's nowhere to pee privately out here. I have to find something else quick. When I get back to my car, I look across the street, and see a narrow alley between two tall buildings with a dumpster in it. That's gonna be gross, but beggars can't be choosers. No one will see me behind the dumpster, but just in case someone does come I grab my stuff from the store to act like I'm just throwing stuff away. I hobble across the street, and try to get behind the dumpster and pe-AHH! There's a homeless man peeing on the wall!

"WOOPS!" He says. (Clears Throat) Pardon me miss." He turns away from me, his stream still going stupidly strong.

You gotta be KIDDING ME! Does everyone get to piss today but me!? EEP! Oh I just leaked a little bit more! I throw my stuff away and turn around.

"Hey any more of that!?" The man shouts at me.

"J-Just some coffee! Enjoy!"

I get back across the street to my car to find a bag, a cup, a bottle, a can, something I can use. Anything! Since when Is my car this tidy!? Wait… Fuck I just threw that coffee bottle away! I am such an- Oh shit I'm gonna be late! I get back in my car and… I just have to keep driving. I have never been in so much pain. I have to pee so badly I think i'm gonna throw up! This could be the end of my shorts, my car seat, and my pride forever. But I will not go out without a fight!

The next several minutes have made up the most uncomfortable, miserable drive of my life. My face is flushed, my eyes are floating in my head, and my pussy feels like a hot fuse burning all the way up my urethra to my bladder stuffed full of dynamite. I've unbuttoned and unzipped my shorts to relieve some pressure, and jammed my hand all the way down my pants and am white knuckling my pussy over my panties. And it's not helping. I still feel it trying to come out. Thankfully I haven't leaked again, but god do I wanna. I've tasted sweet relief, and now I want more. I gotta have more. I want it. I need it. I must do it. I… must… relea-

NO! Don't do it Kim! Iron will! Don't give in!

But I just wanna pee! It's just a little pee! Who's it gonna hurt?

There are people counting on you not to pee right now! Todd drives the same car!

Fuck Todd he's so cheap! He could buy his own car if he wanted!

You can hold it!

I can't!

You have to!

I can't! I can't hold it! I… I really… can't… oh hey I'm here.

I made it! I'm at the aquatic center's parking lot! And with three minutes to spare! My destiny awaits! Just hold on a little longer kim you're so close. I manage to find a good parking space close to the entrance. I'm so afraid if I stand up I'm gonna start gushing. I sit in the car for a bit just squirming and trying to compose myself. And a thought occurs. Why didn't I just pee on the floor in that park bathroom? It's such a god awful mess already, who'd tell the difference? So many coulda, woulda, shoulda's this morning, let's not make peeing in a toilet one of them. I grab my bags, sling them over one shoulder, and step out of my car. I'm walking so stiffly, but I'm trying to be quick enough to make it in time. These bags are almost as heavy as my bladder, it's so hard holding both. I forgot my jeans were undone, so I'm holding on the outside to keep them from slipping off. But I just know the back of my panties are hanging out. I don't care.

Just keep walking.

Keep walking.

Almost there.

Knees never parting,

Hand firmly crotched,

Back hunched,

Tears in eyes,

Steam coming out of my ears!

I'm there. Right at the threshold of the front entrance. I'm gonna make it. I'm gonna- AH! Grnnnnn No no no another leak! Big time! I cross my legs, bend all the way down, squeeze hard. Body won't listen. It's gonna come out. I gotta run for it!

I bust through the door, and go right past Mel at the front desk.

"Good morning, Ki--"

"CAN'T TALK GOTTA GO!"

I beeline to the locker room door, burst through, and… stop dead in my tracks.

Both… toilet stalls… taken.

Both… have girls… waiting... outside of them.

One of them… dancing… in place.

Nother… in… the shower.

Running…. water… through hair.

Liquid… trickling… down… her thigh.

Liquid… tric… tric… ckling… down… MY… Thigh.

I just…

(Breathe in)

Need to…

(Breathe out)

Just…

(Breathe in)

I need…

(Breathe out Breathe in breathe out)

I need…

(Pant pant pant pant PANTPANTPANTPANT)

"I CAN'T HOLD IT ANYMORE!!!!"

Drop my bags can't hold it! Drop my shorts can't hold it! Drop my tank top can't hold it! Kick shoes off can't hold it! Can't hold it! CAN'T HOLD IT! MOVE! MOVE! RUN! RUN! POOL! PEE! NOW! HWAH (Splash!)

…..

…..

…..

(GASP!) (cough) (cough)

Ow! Damn! That hurt.

I slipped and fell running into the pool, but my momentum slid me along the floor and into the 4 foot end of the pool . Man that was stupid. Glad I managed to keep my head from hitting the floor, but my hip and back are really throbbing, and I got chlorine all up my nose. That's definitely gonna be a safety viola…. I… I…. ~IIIIIIIIIIIIII AM PEEEEEEEEEEING!~

AAAAAAAAHHHHhhhhhh. OOOOOHHHH MYYYYY GOSH IT FEELS SO GOOOD.

My pee is just gushing out of me like a jet, mixing with the water, and warming up my whole lower body. I shouldn't have peed in the company pool. I shouldn't have jumped in in my underwear. But I was already exploding, and that bump just finished me off. The good thing is that no customer is here this early, so I have the pool all to myself. So Imma just smile, rest my head on the edge of the pool, shut my eye, and pee, and pee, and pee. (Sigh) this is better than sex. Maybe I should hold it more often… Again, why am I thinking that?

"Kim?"

My head comes up off the floor, and I see Eric. Standing over me. Staring down at me. In… my underwear. While I'm peeing… Oh boy.

"Uh, Hey Eric. What's up?"

"Um, nothing. Just letting you know one of the girls said you were here, so I punched your card so you weren't late."

"Oh! Thank you." So sweet. "Um… so did they say…"

"Oh they just said you made… a small scene in there, and you looked like you were in a hurry."

"Heh… Yeah." I glance between his legs and I spot two of the girls from the locker room trying hard to hold their laughter. I'd feel way more embarrassed if my relief wasn't so good right now.

"So, are you okay?"

"Um, much better now(giggle)."

"Hehe. Yeah. Um, no I meant after the fall you took. Are you hurt?"

"Oh no. I'm totally fine."

"Ok good."

He keeps avoiding direct eye contact with me and rubbing his arm. There's no way he doesn't know what I'm doing right now, and he probably just realized how awkward it is he's just standing there watching me pee.

"So like, do you need a hand out? Or…"

"Uhh, not yet. I'm… I'm not finished."

"Ah. right."

Yeah I'm still going full blast, and It had to have been over a minute by now. I have never had to pee that bad before, and have never gone for this long before. And I just considered this might be a health violation too. But there's nothing I can do but just sit here, avert our gaze, and try to finish soon.

But I hate the awkward silence, so I try to break it. "So… are we still on for Saturday?"

"Oh yeah. Totally." He replies.

"Where are we gonna go?"

"I was just thinking about a movie and dinner."

"In that order?"

"Yeah. That's not the wrong way is it?"

"No, I don't think it matters."

"Cool, cool."

"Are you thinking something romantic, or actiony?"

"Why not both? The third Love Actually Hurts movie is out."

"Oh shit I love LAH. That sounds awesome!"

"Great."

Finally my stream tapers off and I feel so much better. "Hoo! Ok gimme a hand."

He took my hand and helped me out of the pool. Looking back in, the color thankfully doesn't show. But that was still pretty gross what I did. I can't believe myself.

"So uhh," I say to Eric. "You're not gonna tell the boss about this are you?"

"What's to tell? You have no injuries to report."

"Hehe… right."

"And the water? Everyone does that. I wouldn't worry about it. Plus I heard we’re changing the water in the next few days so it doesn’t matter.”

“Oh! Cool!”

“Yeah. well uh, have a nice shift.” He says, smiling awkwardly and walking away.

“Uh, Yeah you too!” That’s a weird sendoff but whatever.

At any rate, I gotta get out of my wet underwear and put on my red one piece. I can officially write this off as the fifth most embarrassing day of my life, and I’m gonna have to deal with going home with zero dry undergarments, But at least i got off scott free, and I still have a great date to look forward to.

