Camp of despair 2

Author: Pookie_Pal

*000*2025-01-02 20:10

Note: Read 'Camp of Despair' to understand.

Thiago got into his car and went to Giovanni's house, who was the one who was closest. While driving, Thiago felt a slight pressure in his bladder. He let out a sigh and cursed himself internally for not going to the bathroom before leaving.

«Don't worry, when you pick up Giovanni you can ask him to let you use his bathroom» he thought.

After about five minutes, Thiago arrived at Giovanni's house, who was waiting for him outside.

As Thiago helped Giovanni pack things in the trunk, he felt his need to disappear momentarily. He convinced himself that he could wait a little longer, perhaps to Oliver's house, probably to Jayden's house, or the building where Francis lived.

They both got into the car, with Giovanni claiming the passenger seat, as he didn't like sitting all the way back, squeezed in with the others.

"Hey, I'm surprised your girlfriend let you come to this camp "Giovanni said. I say that because, you know, he didn't like you hanging out with us"

"Actually, I broke up with her" Thiago confessed.

"Really?"

"Yes. You said it yourself, she didn't like me going out with you, but she complained if I told her that I didn't like her going out with her friends. I never meant it, but I wanted to know if the relationship was really fair"

"It's amazing that you broke up with her because of that," he said, picking up a juice box.

"Well, it wasn't just because of that. But I don't want to talk about that either."

"Did she cheat on you?"

"No, she didn't"

Giovanni only hummed in response and continued to drink his juice, glancing sideways at Thiago from time to time.

When they arrived at Oliver's house, Thiago honked his horn a couple of times, this being his way of letting him know that he had arrived.

It didn't take long for Oliver to leave his house with a clumsy step. Thiago came out to help him put his things in the trunk and they got back into the car. Oliver greeted Giovanni, and Thiago started the vehicle.

Not even three minutes passed, when Thiago felt that he needed to urinate again. He looked at Oliver in the mirror, and noticed that he was staring at him.

"Is something wrong?" asked Thiago, stopping the car at a red light.

"I propose you a challenge" Oliver said without giving so much thought.

"No" Thiago said.

"Why not?"

"Your challenges are never good, dude" Giovanni said "The last time we heard from you, Jayden and I ended up in the hospital"

"I swear this one isn't risky. None of the three will end up in the hospital, I swear by my grandmother"

Thiago and Giovanni exchanged glances before seeing Oliver in the mirror. Thiago let out a heavy sigh and started the car again.

"Well, we hear you. But that doesn't mean we accept the challenge."

Oliver smiled before speaking: "I propose that the three of us do a holding competition."

"Holding competition? And what are we supposed to hold up?"

"Hold pee" Oliver replied.

"No way" Thiago said.

"Dude, you're insane" Giovanni said.

"Oh, come on, are you afraid of losing?" asked Oliver, hoping to provoke them a bit.

"Yes, I'm afraid of losing control and that everyone will see my wet pants" Thiago replied "I'm not going to participate"

"What if I told you that the winner wins a reward?"

Giovanni opened his eyes slightly and turned to Oliver "What kind of reward?"

"Are you really considering it?!" asked Thiago, incredulous.

"The winner can ask the losers for the favors he wants during our stay at the camp" Oliver replied. "Seriously, any favor is valid, and the losers will fulfill it without complaint"

"You're tempting me"

"You can't be serious" Thiago muttered.

"Come on, Thiago, it will be interesting" Oliver tried to persuade him "Or don't you want to have Giovanni and me at your mercy all this weekend?"

"That sounded bad"

"Well, in a way it is like that. The winner can ask for any favor and the losers can't complain."

Thiago seemed to consider his options. For one thing, his bladder was protesting, and they hadn't even gone looking for Francis and Jayden, and being at the mercy of Giovanni, or worse, Oliver, didn't sound right. But on the other hand, the voice in his head, the one that always went against any logic, told him that he had a small chance of winning, and taking the opportunity to be the winner to ask Oliver and Giovanni for anything.

"Well, I accept the challenge," said Thiago, letting out a sigh.

"If the sanest accepted, so did I," Giovanni said with a smile.

"Well, the challenge starts from now," Oliver said. "You can't use the bathroom at Francis or Jayden's house, and you can't go in the woods. Doing this means that you give up, and therefore, that you lose. Wet yourself also counts as losing"

"So, whoever manages to hold on wins," said Giovanni.

"Exactly, and if you like foul play, you can try to make others lose control"

"Okay, rules understood and established. Let's start this once and for all," Thiago said.

Oliver smiled, knowing that his friends had fallen straight into his game.

. . .

First they had gone to look for Francis, and then they passed through Jayden, who was quite excited to go to Francis' side.

It was no secret to anyone that Jayden liked Francis, except Francis himself. Although Thiago suspected that Francis was pretending not to notice it, just to see how far Jayden was capable of going.

For the first few minutes everyone was talking, making jokes and laughing. But as the trip lengthened, the laughter and voices died down, leaving the car silent.

Oliver noticed Jayden's slight desperate movements. Oliver was very sure that his friend's discomfort was not solely due to the fact that Francis was sleeping leaning on him. Oliver could tell: Jayden needed to pee.

Oliver pulled out his phone and sent a message to Giovanni, wanting to keep the matter private.

Giovanni read it and touched Thiago on the shoulder to show him the message, while drinking another juice box.

"Hey, what if we included Jayden in the challenge? 🤗"

Thiago frowned and looked at Jayden in the mirror. Yes, it was clear that Jayden seemed a little desperate, but he didn't want to include him in Oliver's macabre game.

"No way, leave the boy alone," Thiago said quietly but with a firm tone.

Oliver shrugged and muttered something, but didn't insist any longer.

Silence reigned in the car, and Oliver tried to look at Thiago and Giovanni surreptitiously. A small smile formed on his face as he noticed Thiago's increasingly desperate moves, and Giovanni's subtle signs of despair.

Thiago would sometimes take one hand off the wheel and grab his crotch for a few seconds, as if trying to hold on, and he had also accelerated a little. Oliver assumed that Thiago would be the first to surrender.

While Giovanni was more subtle, his need was probably not as urgent, but the signs were clear. One of his feet bounced continuously and from time to time he put a hand to his stomach.

«This is going to be interesting» Oliver thought.

. . .

When they arrived at the camp, they distributed the two tents they had brought. Thiago, Giovanni and Oliver would keep the largest, while Francis and Jayden would share the first.

When Francis and Jayden accepted the proposal without complaint, the three of them looked at each other with a small smile. It was obvious that this distribution was not random, but Jayden and Francis did not have to know.

As they set up the tents, Thiago let out a groan as he bent down to pick up one of the rods. His bladder throbbed with pain, which made him begin to regret having accepted Oliver's challenge.

And as if he had summoned him with his thoughts, Oliver appeared behind him, with an amused smile.

"You know, Thiago, you can give up at any time," he hinted. "It's fun to watch you fight, but I don't think you want to have an accident."

"And give you the pleasure of seeing me fail? No thanks," he replied, tensing his muscles and trying to continue with what he was doing.

"Suit yourself"

Oliver turned his attention to Giovanni, who seemed more desperate than before. His foot was constantly bouncing and he was looking around nervously, as if he was seriously considering urinating behind a tree or bush.

When Giovanni exchanged glances with Oliver he gave him a tense smile, before continuing to set up the tent again.

Oliver just smiled and took a quick look at Jayden and Francis. Jayden had stopped setting up the tent and brought both hands to his crotch, gasping, as he tried to bend down to pick up a rod. Oliver looked at Francis, who to his surprise also looked like he needed to pee. Francis had crouched, but there were no rods or anything nearby. He let out a heavy sigh and put a hand to his crotch.

Francis looked up and saw Oliver looking at him. Francis gestured for Oliver to be silent, to which Oliver only gave a thumbs up.

Francis and Jayden weren't participating, so they were a background affair. He turned to Giovanni and Thiago, who were finishing setting up the tent. After all, Thiago would scold him if he didn't help.

. . .

Several minutes later, Francis approached the boys, saying he wanted to take a walk, asking if any of them wanted to join him.

"I'll pass," Thiago replied dryly. His bladder was painfully full, and the last thing he needed was a walk that would only lead to greater humiliation." I'm not in the mood and I have to prepare food"

"You sounded like my mom," Francis said, looking at Giovanni and Oliver. "And you?"

"I also pass. That trip made me sleepy and right now I just want to stay here," she replied, squeezing her thighs together. His bladder was about to burst, and it was said that drinking those three boxes of juice on the way had been a bad idea.

"I also pass, I'm not in the mood" Oliver replied.

Actually, Oliver had no problem going. But his bladder was beginning to feel full, and he preferred to stay close to the camp. In addition, he did not want to miss the show of Thiago and Giovanni, who were clearly about to lose control.

"Okay. I'll ask Jayden," Francis said, heading toward the woods.

"Since you're going, tell him to bring the branches I asked him to find. It took too long," said Thiago.

"Okay, mom"

"I'm not your mother"

Francis chuckled before heading into the forest, leaving Giovanni, Thiago and Oliver at the camp.

"Why don't you give up and that's it?" asked Oliver, crossing his legs and leaning back on that trunk that they would use as a seat. "It looks like you're about to explode."

"You don't seem to be doing very well either" Giovanni commented. "Besides, I refuse to give up so easily"

"Well, it'll be fun to watch you lose"

At that, Francis and Jayden returned.

"Guys, I'm going for a walk with Jayden," he said, sipping a bottle of water.

"Good, but don't get too far away, it could be dangerous," Thiago advised, taking a large pot.

"It's okay, mom" Francis said in a mocking tone.

"Mom? I don't remember giving birth to any of you."

Francis just laughed and took Jayden into the woods. Leaving the three of them alone again.

Thiago approached Oliver and handed him the pot.

"What do you want me to do with this?" Oliver asked

"Go to the nearby lake and fill the pot with water. The bottles we brought are not going to be enough for the whole weekend," Thiago replied dryly.

"Okay" Oliver said with a tense smile.

Although he was far from reaching his limit, approaching a water source was not a good idea either. And apparently Thiago knew it, because he gave Oliver a mocking smile before he left.

"You did it on purpose, didn't you?" asked Giovanni when he noticed Thiago's smile.

"Isn't it obvious?" He smiled a little "It's only fair that the three of us are almost at the same level of despair, don't you think?"

"You're evil"

"Not so much. I'm just being fair"

Giovanni only shook his head, although he had a smile on his face.

Meanwhile, Oliver was muttering curses as he approached the lake. The moment the expanse of water entered his field of vision, his bladder suddenly protested, causing him to stop in his tracks.

«Shit. Maybe I'm overconfident»

But Oliver was not going to give up so quickly, not when he knew that Thiago and Giovanni were the same, but more, desperate than him.

He squatted in front of the lake and submerged the pot to fill it with water. His bladder felt fuller than before, and his body tensed more from growing despair.

He asked himself to hold on, as he strained to load the pot full of water.

The return to the camp was torture. Each step sent waves of despair to Oliver, whose bladder was beginning to feel fuller and even a little bulging. And the tight waistband of his pants didn't do much to cooperate.

When he returned to the camp, he left the pot next to his tent and noticed Thiago and Giovanni, who were looking at him expectantly.

"Thiago, I swear to you that when I win this competition, I will make you regret this," Oliver warned.

"Correction, if you win the competition," he said crossing his arms.

Thiago's posture was rigid and tense, almost as if he were watching you move. Oliver analyzed it for a few seconds and smiled, slightly looking away from the pot of water.

"Hey, Why don't you come and take the pot? We need to start boiling the water, don't we?"

"Bring it. You are closer"

"I have already fulfilled the filling of the pot, you are the one who must boil it"

Thiago just snorted and approached at a slow pace, refraining from crossing his legs. However, just a couple of meters from arriving, his body gave him an ultimatum.

He felt a small, warm and moist sensation begin to spread through his underwear, which caused him to stop abruptly. Oliver and Giovanni noticed it, and looked at each other, suspecting what might be going on.

Thiago had held on for too long and his legs refused to move. Soon, the floodgates opened and Thiago blushed as he felt the moisture begin to run down his legs. He bent down and hid his face in his arms.

He couldn't stand the shame of having wetted his pants in front of his friends.

Giovanni was in shock. He watched as a puddle began to form under Thiago, while at the same time his bladder protested furiously, reminding him that he also had unfinished business.

Giovanni tried to get up, but the change in posture only caused his body to eventually give up.

Before Oliver could make a comment about Thiago's accident, he heard Giovanni gasp and looked up, only to see a dark stain spread across Giovanni's beige pants. Oliver's smile grew louder.

Not only had he won the competition, but he had also achieved something he thought impossible. He had managed to get Thiago and Giovanni to wet their pants.

"Damn" Giovanni muttered.

"Well, it looks like I won," Oliver said in a mocking tone.

Oliver's satisfaction didn't last long, though, as his bladder protested again. Having won, it no longer mattered whether Oliver urinated behind a tree or a bush, so he hurried to the nearest tree and tried to pull down his pants.

However, and as if the universe was playing a cruel joke on him, the zipper of his pants had stucked.

"Come on, why now?" he murmured, as he tried to opening the zipper.

However, no matter how hard Oliver tried, the closure would not give way and his bladder protested even more.

"Oliver, everything okay?" asked Thiago, approaching.

"No, this stupid zip..."

Before Oliver finished his sentence, his bladder suddenly gave way. Maybe it was the desperation of the moment, or the pressure he exerted to try to release the zipper, but his bladder had given way to the pressure and there was no way to stop her. Oliver only bit his lip before letting out a sigh and accepting his fate.

At least he had not been the only one who had an accident that day.

When Thiago approached and saw Oliver he opened his eyes wide, surprised. Oliver just shrugged his shoulders and smiled nervously.

"The zipper got stuck. Maybe it was my karma for making fun of you."

Thiago let out a heavy sigh and came closer, crouching in front of Oliver. Oliver raised an eyebrow and gave Thiago a soft blow on the head.

"What are you going to do?"

"Help you with the zipper. You'll need to change your clothes"

"You really act like a mother."

"Shut up, or I'll regret it"

Oliver just laughed and let Thiago help him with the jammed lock. And after a few seconds of fighting, Thiago managed to get the zipper working again.

After that, they both met again with Giovanni, who was waiting for them outside the tent.

"Move quickly. I'll wash your clothes and hang them up to dry fast" Thiago said.

"Would you really do that for us?" asked Giovanni.

"Only if none of you say any of this to anyone," Thiago replied.

"Deal" Oliver and Giovanni said in unison.

The three of them changed quickly so that Thiago could wash his clothes, while Giovanni and Oliver set up a makeshift clothesline.

Just as Thiago had just finished hanging the wet clothes on the clothesline, Francis and Jayden returned. Both were soaking wet from head to toe.

"What happened?" Jayden asked, looking at the clothesline with wet clothes.

"I could ask you the same thing" Thiago said "You're completely soaked"

"Francis fell into a river, and I jumped in to help him" Jayden replied in a casual tone.

Thiago looked at them from bottom to top and let out a sigh.

"Okay. Go change, it's cold and I'm not a doctor to take care about you if you get sick"

"But you're our mother" Jayden joked.

"Call me that way one more time and I will leave you here"

"Oh, how sensitive"

"And what happened to you?" Francis asked them "I mean, your clothes are hanging on that clothesline"

"Oliver accidentally threw the water, he had gone to collect from the nearby lake, on us" Giovanni answered.

"Oh, okay"

When Jayden and Francis went into their tent to change, the other three exchanged glances for a few seconds.

"They seem to have believed it" Oliver murmured.

"It's better this way" Giovanni said.

"Yes. And you know, not a word to anybody" Thiago warned.

The other two nodded in approval, before starting to look for something to do, such as building the campfire or helping Thiago with dinner.

But Oliver smiled, knowing he'd have Thiago and Giovanni at his mercy all weekend.

