THE NETBALL GAME

Author: Pee Tee

*000*2016-03-13 00:14

Here is a story which I have written recently, hope some of you like it.

Anne was a keen netball player at school, playing in the first team and also at County level. When she went on to college at 18, she continued to play in the college league and her friends and social life developed around the girls with whom she played in the college team. Often after matches at the weekend there would be partying and drinking and flirting with boys.

One of the things that Anne and some of the other girls in the team had found was that while they were running and jumping around on the netball court, if they were in need of a wee, they would sometimes find that they accidentally wet themselves a bit, which in medical terms is called stress incontinence.

The girls in the team were wearing a team strip of maroon coloured polo shirts and short pleated netball skirts, with maroon coloured cotton knickers, white ankle socks and trainers. Often when they came off court at the end of a game several of the girls would have a darker coloured damp patch to their cotton knickers beneath their skirts, where they had wet themselves. If it was only a small amount then, if it was ever noticed by a casual onlooker, this could be put down to perspiration after a hard game.

In the changing rooms afterwards the girls would talk openly about this happening, and would laugh amongst themselves about wetting themselves while playing, often not even noticing at the time that it happened.

Anne had found the she was beginning to wet herself regularly at almost every game and so had decided to wear a thin panty liner while playing, to hide the fact and avoid any embarrassment.

At one of the weekend parties Anne had met a boy, Alex, and after a while they had begun dating. Several months passed and, although they both took things slowly, as they really got to know each other the relation became more serious and they fell in love.

Alex came to quite a few netball matches to cheer the team on and then went on to the after match parties with the girls and their friends and partners. He soon began to overhear some of the girls, when they had had a few drinks, talking about the fact that they would sometimes wet themselves while playing. If there was a queue at the toilets later in the evening, after a few drinks there would even be a few bawdy comments by some of the girls along the lines of ‘ …Oh I can’t be bothered waiting, I might as well just wet myself again like I did in the game!’ followed by gales of laughter.

Later when they were together Alex asked Anne about the comments he had heard and she told him all about the girls who sometimes would accidentally wet themselves while they were playing netball. Alex was quite turned on by this, and Anne went on to tell him that it now happened to her quite often, and she had started to wear a panty liner while she was playing as a result.

Anne noticed that the whole conversation had seemed to get Alex really turned on, so she asked him why. He then said that he had a secret sexual fantasy which he had never shared with anyone else, and asked that she promise not to laugh when he told her. He thought for a few moments and then said that in his fantasy he imagined being with a girl who became desperate for a wee and, after holding on for as long as possible, couldn’t help but wet her knickers while she was with him.

Surprisingly there was no thunderbolt from the heavens after he disclosed this fantasy, and Anne wasn’t bothered by it at all.

The following week he was invited around to Anne’s house, just the two of them for a quiet meal and a few drinks.

After a while they were getting quite passionate, and Anne asked if Alex would like her to dress up in her netball strip, since Alex thought that Anne looked really sexy in her polo shirt, short pleated skirt and ankle socks.

When she came down Alex’s heart nearly stopped, Anne looked so gorgeous.

While they carried on drinking Anne began flirting with Alex, striking sexy poses and flashing her knickers under her short skirt and laughing.

Anne then began to look mysteriously at Alex, and said ‘What would you say if I told you I was getting really desperate for a wee, and I really should go to the bathroom?’

Alex thought for a moment and then responded ‘I don’t want you to go to the bathroom yet, I want you to hold on.’

Anne smiled and carried on dancing around in front of Alex for a few more minutes, but then crossed her legs and began jigging around.

‘Right now I'm absolutely bursting to have a wee,' is all she says, 'I really am going to wet myself in a minute if I don’t go to the bathroom.'

Alex’s legs are trembling, and he says ‘ I don’t want you to go to the bathroom just yet.’

Anne looked deeply into Alex’s eyes and said ‘ If I can’t go to the bathroom and I am desperate for a wee and can’t hold on any longer, do you mean that you want me to wet my knickers,’

Alex looked at her ‘I do want you to wet yourself now, like you do sometimes when playing netball.’

‘Or like I did when I was a little girl?’ said Anne.

Anne crossed her legs and held herself with her hand, ‘Oh I’m nearly doing it, I really can’t wait much longer.’

Then she walked over and sat on Alex’s knee, with her arms around his shoulders. ‘It’s easier to hold it when I’m sitting down’ she said, ‘But I am going to wet myself any minute if you really want me too, I can’t wait much longer.’

‘I do want you to’ said Alex.

Anne gave a short cry and thrust her hand between her legs. There was the tiniest hint of a darkness that is even darker than the maroon colour of her knickers spreading over the material in between her legs. She pulled her knees together and then apart as far as they will go once, twice, three times, and the dark patch of dampness began to glisten and spread.

‘Oh heavens, I can’t hold on, I’m wetting my knickers,’ she said.

The wetness slowly spread, soaking her knickers and Alex’s trousers as Anne began to let go her full bladder, as she wet her netball knickers and skirt sitting on Alex’s Knee.

By now they were both so horny that they had to finish the evening by making passionate love, and then soaking in a hot bath together..

