Kayleigh

Author: poodle21

*000*2021-07-14 03:46

My relationship with Kayleigh had been purely professional up until then, although we got on well and there was a fair bit of flirting and innuendo. I assumed she was single since I'd hadn't heard her mention anyone else in her life. Tonight we'd been on the late shift and decided to go to a pub for a drink after work before I gave her a lift home, her usual ride-share being off sick that day.

She was staying at her parents place for a month - house-sitting for them while they visited her brother's family in Australia, and it was a bit further out of town than I expected. We'd turned off a main road a while ago, and now we were heading out into the country on a narrower road with high hedges either side and I really didn't know exactly where we were. Every so often we'd pass an entrance or a side road to some village I'd never heard of so I was just following her directions:

"We'll soon be there - about 5 minutes I think."

"OK," I said. "Right out in the sticks here aren't you?"

"It looks that way now when it's dark, but it's not that far to civilisation really!" she joked. "Tell you what though - I'm dying for a wee.... but I'll try and hold on til we get there and not do it in your car."

This was typical banter for us and we both laughed.

"Sorry, you're probably disgusted now!"

"Uhh, not really," I replied, smiling. "You're getting me a bit excited though."

"Perv!" she teased, playfully hitting my arm. "Slow down now, the driveway's coming up on the left."

I slowed the car as twin gateposts came into view, and turned into an gravel driveway which curved around to end in front of the house. Two floors, with a large lawn, garage at the side. Must have cost a fortune. No wonder they didn't want to leave the place empty for a month. The house was dark apart from some lights at the upstairs windows and some lights around the garden area.

I stopped by the front door, with the engine idling, assuming Kayleigh would get out and I'd get off home. Instead she invited me in - so I turned off the engine, got out of the car, and followed her to the door, where she was peering into her handbag.

"I can't find my doorkeys. It's too dark to see here."

"Wait, I have a torch in the car," I said, and went to get it from the glove box. As I reached in to get it, I could see her fidgeting around on the step waiting for me. I took it over and shone it into her bag while she rummaged about some more.

"Shit," she said, "I remember I put my keys down on the table on my way out this morning. I think I'm locked out."

Before I could suggest anything, she had an idea.

"My bedroom window's open - it's small but I can climb in, or I used to be able to. Let's go round the back."

She led me around the side of the house to a broad patio at the rear, and we looked up at a lighted window that was open a few inches. It was small and I didn't fancy my chances of getting through, but she was probably petite enough for it.

"Go in the shed and get the ladder. It won't be locked."

I opened a wooden garden shed and made out a metal ladder lying on the floor. I carried it outside to the patio and extended it against the house wall and checked it was stable, while Kayleigh stood by impatiently. shuffling her feet. She carefully climbed up to the window while I held the base of the ladder and shone the light upwards to where she was now fiddling with the window mechanism. I don't know whether it was helping her see any better, but it did let me see up her skirt, which was blowing around slightly in the breeze.

She grinned down at me.

"Enjoying the view, are you?"

"Yes, thanks. Can't you open it enough?"

"Security lock. Oh.... that's it now," and pulled the window wide open.

I was wondering whether any of the neighbours would think we were burglars and call the police. I looked around to see if there lights on in the next house over.

Suddenly I felt something splash onto my head. My first instinct was that it bird droppings, but I looked up again and warm water was splashing onto my face, and briefly, until I closed it, into my mouth. This didn't smell like it was from a bird. Wiping it away with my hand, I shone the torch upwards again. Kayleigh was still standing on the ladder with her hands on the window sill. I could still see right up her skirt, her white knickers clearly the source of this unexpected shower and glistening in the light. Some of it splashed off the rungs of the ladder but I let most of it stream over my face and onto my clothes.

She must have been very full because it lasted for a surprisingly long time.

After the last drops from above, Kayleigh looked down at me again.

"I'm so sorry, but I really needed to do that," she called. "I hope you didn't get splashed!"

She couldn't see my reaction with the light in her eyes. I said, "Don't worry about it. Just get in and open the door."

Once she was in through the window, I took the ladder back to where I'd found it. Lights came on on the ground floor and Kayleigh opened the back door. When she saw how I had been drenched, she was open-mouthed and speechless.

"My fault," I said mildly. "Didn't want to miss the show."

She noticed the bulge in my crotch, and said, "Well, I'm glad you liked it because I certainly did. Now let's go upstairs."

*002*2021-07-16 02:31

Continued...

Kayleigh wetting herself on the ladder the previous week had been the trigger for a bout of hot urgent sex immediately afterwards. I'd stayed the night with her, and then hung around naked the following morning while waiting for the washing machine to do its thing, since I clearly hadn't brought a change of clothes with me.

Kayleigh later admitted that all her adult life she had been turned on by wetting herself, but that was the first time she had deliberately done it in front of someone else. She'd got an extra thrill out of doing it in front of me because there was a risk that I wouldn't respond well, but she gambled I would like it based on my comments in the car that night.

We'd decided to remain distanced at work, and our shifts at the hospital didn't always line up anyway, so a few days passed before I saw her again. Our conversation then was of more mundane topics such as household appliance breakdowns and bank payment errors. She'd mentioned that her parents' washing machine had some problem and she wasn't having much luck finding someone who would come and look at it for a reasonable price. I was somewhat proud of having fixed my own in the past, following an online video repair guide, so I offered to check it out for her.

I went to her parents' place again after work one evening at the start of the week, and it looked like an inexpensive part needed to be replaced, according to another online forum. She'd ordered it and now here I was on a Saturday afternoon going there again with my screwdrivers, pliers and socket set to see if I could be the hero and get it running again.

I rang the doorbell and waited on the front step. A few seconds later I saw movement through the stained glass panel in the door. The lock turned from inside and Kayleigh opened the door and beckoned me in. She was wearing a white T-shirt and black nylon sports shorts with a white trim. They showed off her legs nicely. Before last Friday, I'd normally only seen Kayleigh wearing her work scrubs, but even then she'd looked hot. She had her phone up by her ear.

"I'm trying to get someone at the bank to sort out a missing payment. I'm on hold, so I can still talk to you until they pick up," she said. "Kettle's just boiled - do you want a coffee?"

"OK, sure. Hope I brought the right tools for this."

"I hope so too - I need that thing working again ASAP. I'm down to my last pair of knickers today."

We giggled at that, both knowing why some days she got through more than others. In the kitchen we drank coffee, and then I got the washing machine pulled out from under the counter and started to take screws out of the back. Kayleigh was still on the phone, waiting to get through.

She had her back to me as I got the last screw out and pulled the back off the machine. She was idly twisting her body slowly back and forth. I started to unscrew the motor cover and spent the next 10 minutes looking at the online instructions again. Kayleigh had her legs crossed now. I said,

"You ok there? Still waiting?"

"Yeah, " she said. "I've been waiting ages now, and I'm bursting for a wee."

"Maybe should just go," I advised, then as a joke, "or you know what will happen if you don't."

"Yeah, yeah, that's what my mum used to say when I was little," she giggled. "I never did learn that lesson though."

She was over near me by then, leaning over the washing machine to see what I was doing and clearly finding it hard to stand still, then,

"Oh you're right, I'm just going to go now. It'll probably be ages yet before I get to talk to anyone. I'm fed up listening to their shitty music."

She got as far as opening the kitchen door but then it sounded like her call was finally answered and she turned around and came back into the room.

"Yes, hi, there was a payment supposed to be made from my acccount but it didn't go out this month and I'm getting charged a fee for that. Yes... Yes...."

Then she was reading her account number and so on. I could see more pee-dancing from my position behind the washing machine as I put the last screws into the back panel. Then she was obviously talking to someone new on the phone, giving out all the same details again. I stood up and came round the front of the machine to push it back in under the counter.

I heard her voice waver and go up in pitch half-way through reading her account number and with my hands on the front of the washing machine ready to push it, I looked back over my shoulder to see what she was doing. She was clenching her legs tightly together and her left hand was jammed into her crotch. This was getting interesting, I decided, and turned around to face her. Something moving on her right leg caught my gaze and I watched a drop of pee roll down the back of her thigh followed by more appearing from the leg of her shorts. She continued talking to the bank call centre. Her legs were still clamped together but she wasn't doing the pee-dance thing any more and now the drops had merged into thin yellow streams running down both legs and into her fluffy ankle socks. She took her hand out from between her legs and stood normally and suddenly there was a mini waterfall splashing down from her shorts. A yellow pool slowly spread out on the vinyl floor of the kitchen.

If you only saw her from the waist upwards you wouldn't think anything special was going on below but I had a close-up view and I was transfixed by it. As her flow started to reduce, I realized I should probably do something about the floor situation and grabbed a couple of dish towels that were folded on the kitchen counter, shook them open and placed them over the puddle to stop it spreading any further.

Kayleigh had finished peeing but was still on the call. There was a mop and bucket by the far wall, so I went and got these, then picked up the now-sopping-wet towels and put them in the bucket. I used the mop to try to blot up the rest of the pee from the floor while Kayleigh finished her call.

She ended the call and put her phone down.

"Well," I said, "did you get it all sorted?"

"Yeah, they said it was their problem so they'll deal with it within two business days. That's a relief."

"In more ways than one," I said with a smile, brushing my fingers against her wet shorts. She laughed.

"Yeah, about that. I need to go buy milk before the local shop closes. Let me change and we can go together. We'll try the machine later."

Kayleigh went upstairs while I gathered up my tools. We'd have to mop the floor properly later too.

She came down in jeans and sandals and we set off out the back garden gate which led to a footpath into the village high street.

"I thought you didn't have any more clean underwear?" I asked.

"I don't," she smirked.

"So, none? Or you just...?"

"It won't soak through my jeans. And it feels... um.... nice.... to keep the wet ones on for a while. Does that sound crazy?"

"It sounds like a turn-on for both of us," I admitted.

I was getting horny just thinking about how she would look later when, I hoped, I'd get to take those jeans off her and make her even wetter.

*005*2021-07-29 02:44

Another installment. Maybe I'll work diapers into the story next time.

Kayleigh and I texted each other most days now. On Wednesday she'd asked me about my shifts, whether I was working this weekend, or had any other plans. I wasn't working, and I didn't have any plans, besides catching up on sleep and going to the gym. In that case, she'd written, did I want to come with her to her parents' house again, and hang out with her? I did, of course. In that case, I learned, she would get a lift in with Stella in the morning and I could pick her up after work on Friday.

Stella was a work colleague and they took turns driving each other to save money on petrol.

I had a lot of fun with Kayleigh and our recently discovered shared kink added an extra aspect to that. On Thursday evening I threw some clothes, toothbrush and the like into a sports bag so I'd be ready when I set of early for work the next day.

During my morning break on Friday, I'd texted her to check we were still on. I told her to look for my car outside the A&E entrance, and she acknowledged that a little while later.

On Friday after our shift handover, I changed out of my work clothes and headed downstairs to the door nearest the staff car park. It was raining steadily, the sky prematurely dark, and I jogged over to the car, trying to avoid stepping in puddles, and keeping my distance from cars swishing past in case I got sprayed. The car windscreen started steaming up almost as soon as I closed the door, so I put the fan on high and turned the heat up. Then, when that hadn't made much difference after half a minute, reached for an old towel I kept in the passenger footwell and wiped the condensation off the screen in front of me.

I drove round to A&E and pulled into one of the spaces there, expecting one of the security guards to come over and tell me I couldn't park there. They were normally pretty quick with the public in that regard, but for nurses they usually turned a blind eye, especially if we were waiting for someone. Anyway, no-one came over today in the rain, which was fine with me. I left the engine running, to keep the windscreen from fogging up again, while I looked for Kayleigh at the door to the building. I sent her a message to say I was there. The phone pinged, she said '2 mins'.

I waited.

Eventually, the passenger side door was opened and Kayleigh reached in to put a small backpack on the floor, then shook her umbrella, folded it, and sat in the car and pulled the door closed. She was still in blue scrubs, streaked with rain. She lent over to kiss me and then turned to pull her seatbelt on.

"Sorry, been rushed off my feet today - I just came straight off the ward. And this rain! I'd no idea - haven't even looked out the window this afternoon."

"Yep," I said, "it's going to be a wet night, tonight."

She grinned. "Yeah, you hope..."

We exchanged some work gossip on the way, and I asked her how she was dividing her time between her parents' place, where she was house-sitting, and her own flat.

"It's about half and half," she explained. "although I spend most of my days off at their house since it's great to enjoy all that space. Not for much longer though. They're coming back in another week."

"I need to get petrol," I said when we were about half-way there. "There's a place at the roundabout up here I think."

I pulled into the petrol station and got out of the car. As the pump filled my tank, I could see the rain coming down steadily in front of the orange glow of the street lighting beyond the shelter of the canopy covering the forecourt of the petrol station.

After paying for the petrol, I got back in the car and pulled out onto the roundabout again before continuing on the main road north. Eventually I was turning in between the now-familiar gateposts and up the gravel driveway. I stopped behind Kayleigh's car and turned off the engine.

"There you are - home sweet home," I said, as I undid my seatbelt and Kayleigh gathered up her backpack and umbrella. As she got out I noticed the old towel I used for the windscreen was on the pasenger seat. Kayleigh had been sitting on it although I didn't remember leaving it on the seat.

It was warm inside the house and, once Kayleigh had flipped on various light switches after we got inside, very much felt like as good a place as any to hole up for a rainy weekend. We left our our shoes, wet with rain, on the doormat inside the front door and Kayleigh ran upstairs while I took my jacket off and hung it on one of the hooks on the wall. She shouted down to ask me to put the kettle on. I went into the kitchen and filled the kettle at the sink. I'd just switched it on when Kayleigh came into the room."

"Oh, thanks. You go and sit down," she said, "I'll make us some tea."

Kayleigh had changed out of her scrubs and now wore an oversize gray sweatshirt which extended down to her thighs. Below that, her legs and feet were bare. I wondered if she was wearing anything else under the sweatshirt.

I went into the living room and sprawled back on a sofa while I cast my eyes over the contents of the room. A piano against the wall, a TV that would take up most of the wall space in my own flat. And it was quiet - I couldn't hear any traffic noise like in my own place.

Kayleigh came in with two mugs of tea and bent over to put them on a coffee table near the sofa. As she bent over the sweatshirt rode up slightly to reveal red underwear. Once the mugs were safely placed on the table, I sat up and pulled her backwards so that she fell back and ended up sitting across my knees.

We sat that way chatting for a while. I noticed a dampness creeping through my jeans and when Keyleigh moved partially off me and reached for her tea, I reached out to caress her bum with my finger tips and felt wetness..

"Kayleigh....," I said, "...did you....um... have a little 'accident'?" I asked.

"Oh... not really.. I did let some out in the car though while you were buying petrol," she said with a grin, "but only a tiny bit, and I sat on that towel you keep in there. It's sweet of you have it there."

"I tell people it's there because my kinky girlfriend likes to wet herself," I teased.

"Yeah, yeah, just remember to also tell them what her pervy boyfriend did when I was on that ladder!"

After a while, I was starting to get hungry.

"Do you want to go and get something to eat?" I asked.

"I do. And there's nothing much in the kitchen. Unless you fancy beans on toast."

I didn't.

"What about that pub we passed, with the Thai food sign outside? It wasn't that far away."

"OK, let's do it," she said, "but I'll just change first."

I decided my jeans were not damp enough that I needed to change, and Kayleigh ran upstairs.

The place looked like it used to be a pub but was now doing, it seemed, a good trade in food and the prices weren't high. It was a Friday night and most of the tables were taken but we didn't have to wait to get in. It looked like they were doing a lot of take away too, with brown paper bags lined up on what used to be the bar, which people would come in and collect from time to time.

We shared a couple of dishes, with rice. She drank a coke and I had a low-alcohol beer since I was driving. We lingered on for coffees after eating and then, since we had a fancy house to lounge about in, I paid and we started walking back to the car, which I'd had to park some way along the street from the restaurant.

The rain had almost stopped. After a short distance, Kayleigh said with a grimace, "Coke goes right through me - I need a wee now."

I teased her, "Well you should have gone before we came out. Now you'll just have to wait."

"Yeah, there you go again, sounding like my mum when I was about five. Ohhh.. can we walk slower - my bladder feels so full."

"What used to happen after your mum said that?" I asked.

"Well, sometimes I waited until we got to wherever we were going... but I usually ended up wetting my knickers and getting scolded."

We laughed. I said, "Well, I promise not to scold you, so just go ahead if you need to. Or want to."

Kayleigh giggled. "But it's right here in the street, and there are other people around!"

"It's dark, and you're wearing black leggings," I coaxed her, "only we'll know."

"Well, I'm not sure about that," she replied.

We came to a road junction and had to wait for a few cars to pass. Beside me, I heard Kayleigh let out a little moan, the approaching cars swished by on the wet road. Once the way was clear, we crossed and were then where my car was. We got in and I started driving back to the house.

"Is it more comfortable sitting down?" I asked her.

"It's better now," she said, and I could tell from her voice that she was smiling.

After we got back in the front door and took our coats and shoes off, Kayleigh said, "I should take these off too," and started pulling her leggings down and off, dragging her socks off at the same time. I looked down at her crotch, and the triangle of pale yellow fabric curving back and disappearing between her legs. The darker yellow lower half was now partly transparent, allowing a dark shadow of pubic hair to show through from within, and clung closely to the contours of her labia.

"Oh, you naughty girl," I kidded her, "that's the second time today."

Stepping behind her, I put my hands on her hips, then drew her back towards me as I sat down on a padded bench against the wall of the hallway. I guided her backwards to sit on it too, between my knees. I kissed the back of her neck, her hair brushing against my face, then with one arm tightly around her waist, slipped the fingers of my other hand up between her thighs and gently started brushing the tip of my index finger back and forth over the wet cotton. Kayleigh titled her head back, whimpered and put her hands on my knees.

I continued slowly rubbing the slippery wet cloth against her crotch, feeling her grip on my knees gradually get tighter and listening to her breathing speed up. Tighter and tighter she gripped, until I felt her body spasm and she let out a long sigh. Then she stood and turned to face me, guided me up on my feet again and started to undo my belt buckle.

"Upstairs. now," she whispered, and I let myself be led by the hand.

