The Omorashi Missionary - Page 2

Author: pinkelpeter

*025*2023-01-05 17:29

At long last, here's the next chapter. Screw "finish the last chapter a little quicker", my notes from back in the day had way too much material for throwing it away. Please not that the first half is practically only wetlook and WAM and also some nerdy talk about bikes, feel free to skip that if you must.

Chapter 7: Descent into wetness

Finally, after way too long, we caught our breath and continued. It felt like months, while in reality it was probably only a few minutes. Dopamine filled my body and my grin felt like it continued into a Chelsea smile. I was so content with myself, the world and everything. You know what I love about mountain biking? Even though all good things have to stop and after every ascent comes a descent, I knew that this literal descent would be even more fun.

The days before, it rained every now and then and the ground was still saturated. There were muddy parts and even some puddles. Perfect. We took a last look at each other, gave each other a bro-fist (and half-heart afterwards to make it a sis-fist) and pushed our bikes over the edge. Although I started slowly to check my brakes, it immediately gave me that unique rush everyone who's into downhill biking knows. Emily seemed to feel the same, she let out a satisfied "wooh" and drove past me.

"Why so slow, chicken?" she said. She knows how to dare me. I slowly loosened grips on the brakes and accelerated. Emily was driving pretty fast, but thanks to my carefully chosen route it wasn't unsafe or anything. In the absolute worst case you'd get a broken arm or something, but not more. But I wasn't concerned with this, not at all. Emily in front of me was demanding all my attention. You see, Emily hated mud guards. For aesthetics, for pseudo-aerodynamics reasons, whatever. The fact that her 10kg mountain bike won't get slower with a 200g mud guard did not convince her. So she always had what I call a speed strip at her back when she drove off-road. This day, it was a majestic speed band. Almost constantly, her back tire threw mud and water at her backside, from her slightly protruding butt (aerodynamics!) up her long sleeved top and even some sprinkles all the way up to her helmet. Even Emily herself noticed this.

"It's splattering on my back, right?", she shouted. She didn't sound too opposed to this, more like it meant she was in fact driving fast enough.

"Right. Your whole lower half is covered already. Makes a nice contrast, mud and olive" I shouted back. Short sentences, clear words. We were still practically falling downhill. When the slope slowly decreased and we reached a plateau, we took a break. To make a show, I drift-braked next to Emily and sent some more mud in her direction. Funnily, you couldn't tell a difference. Her whole backside was practically a solid color by now, while most of her front side was still clean. Still, she "hey!"'d at me with a grin.

At the bottom of our next segment, a giant puddle blocked our way. Left and right were trees, no chance to drive around it. We exchanged looks. "Straight trough?" I said. "What do you think?" she said.

I drove in front this time. I accelerated down the hill and got more and more excited for that puddle. I reached it. I felt like Moses. My bike separated that puddle like a knive and pushed water to my sides like a garden hose. Of course, it still sent pretty much up to me and on my back. I felt the water hit my pants and my back and got soaked instantly. My legs glistened up and turned muddy. A much welcomed refreshment as it was still hot and I was sweating again. After the puddle, I stopped and looked back up. Emily was clapping. "Great show!" she said. "Now it's my turn."

She did the same, accelerating as much as it made sense and cut through the water. She was right, it looked amazing from my perspective. Of course, the parts of her that remained dry before (or at least as dry as back on the top of the hill) were now soaked too. Once again, she looked amazing. The few sprinkles of dirt on her face made her grin even more beautiful. We continued. The next segment was fun but uneventful. That would soon change when we got to a longer segment of muddy ground. Not wet, muddy. Almost like quicksand. We slowed down more and more, our tires dug into the mud instead of bringing us forward. No use, we had to push our bikes a bit. When I started to unmount, I heard a cling from Emily.

"Ah shit. My chain jumped off" she said. "I guess that was a bit too much mud for your fancy 12-speed princess chain" I mocked her. "Yeah, shut up. I still haven't dialed it in perfectly. Just, half a turn on the H screw, maybe one turn on the upper..."

"Spare me", I interrupted her. "Do that at home. Let's just get it back in and continue". Emily crouched down next to her bike. Her shoes practically disappeared in the mud, only her ankles were still visible. She tried to put the chain back, wiggled around a bit. "At least I'm not getting dirty hands now. Could you help me please?" she said. I came over to her. I kneeled down in the mud. It actually felt pretty nice, way softer than kneeling down on asphalt. My job was to hold the, ahem, "chain tensioner", as Emily explained to me in great detail, so there was less tension on the chain. Makes sense, I guess. After a bit of cursing and wiggling around, we finally got the damn chain back in. Relieved, we both let ourselves fall down into the mud and now fully sat down in it. The mud reached halfway up my thighs. Still, it was very soft and quite nice. Emily sat down next to me and looked down at herself.

"You know, at the latest by now nobody would suspect a thing if we peed our pants again" she laughed. I was startled a bit. I almost forgot our little adventure back from the ascent. I blushed a bit. Yeah right, I still had a mission to fulfill!

"That's true. But would you?" I said. There was no need to be subtle anymore.

"At least I may again. All that water we drank and all the puddles we drove through made my bladder demand attention" she said. No words on her pants yet. Time to change that.

"Those pants are wrecked anyway. It wouldn't make a difference to undress them, right?" I said.

"I guess. And it did feel nice, though weird. Okay. How about you?" she said. That was easier than I expected. But once the dam broke...

"Me too, I thought you'd never ask. I had to go since the first puddle. Okay, let's go. On the count of three?" I said. We now squatted in front of each other. On the count of three, I pushed. I felt my wet panties warm up instantly and down to my butt. My pants were no obstruction and so it flowed out of them in a small stream. That was more than I expected. I looked down. The mud in my crotch was slowly getting washed away from inside. It looked odd but pretty hot. Where my pee flowed out of the pants, the black shininess slowly spread and replaced the mud. Almost as the usual darkening streaks when you pee your pants. I was intrigued. When I looked at Emily, she did exactly the same. She watched her pants slowly getting more and more dark olive shiny parts back at her crotch when she peed and peed, seemingly unstoppable. As the ground under her was already mud, there wasn't even a puddle that formed.

"That was awesome! It felt great to let it go in my pants once again and it looked so weird but interesting. But... now you can see it again anyway." she said.

"Yeah, you can. And it looks great on you. But let's hide the evidence... Re-mud your pants maybe?" I said. I started by taking a handful of mud and rubbing it on my crotch. Even to me, that felt weird. But very pleasant. Maybe I rubbed a bit harder than needed for spreading mud. Emily did the same. After this concealment, our pants were once again uniformly colored. We could continue our downwards journey without further interruptions and finally reached our destination: A secluded lake.

"Finally, here we are. I guess we should clean ourselves up a bit", I said. Emily snickered. "Should we? I already got used to being all muddy and wet". She emphasized the last words. What is this woman up to? Was she seducing me?

We reached the shore and parked our bikes. That is, we let them fall to the ground. They can't get any dirtier now. We removed our helmets. My hair stuck to the inside of the helmet and fell on my face in wet, dirty strands. I pulled them to the side to see again. Emily did the same and threw her helmet next to her bike. She couldn't wait any more and basically ran towards the water. She stopped when her shoes and socks were underwater and looked over to me.

"The water's perfect. Come on, don't make me wait!" she said. She was glowing with enthusiasm, determined to begin this final wet chapter of our little journey. I followed her. When I got my shoes wet, she instantly walked on. I followed her until we both stood in the water up to our hips. Emily splashed me. I played angry and splashed back. When she turned around to guard herself, the mud from her backside ran downwards in streaks and gave the water a bit of a muddy coloring. We continued until our boobs touched the water. Now I could only see Emily's head, her wet hair and part of her dark olive top. I felt hot. So I ducked and completely submerged myself in the water. Like a cool kick, it brought me back to my senses. This is really happening. It's like a dream, but it's real. When I got up again, Emily's hair was completely wet too, she must have done the same. She was breathing heavily.

"Let's clean up now" she said. She started rubbing her clothes underwater, pulling them from her body and letting them snap back, each time creating a mist of mud underwater. I did the same. I took all my girl-balls and stepped forward.

"You forgot a spot" I said. I rubbed her shirt (which was already clean anyway) right under her boobs and "accidentally" touched her boob while rubbing upwards. Emily inhaled sharply. Immediately smiled at me mischievously. "Yeah, you too" she said and straight-up rubbed my boobs with her hands. I was surprised, and also pretty horny by now. I took her hand and pulled her towards the shore a bit so I could see more of her. Her long sleeved top stuck to her like a second skin, now uniformly colored in a shiny, sexy dark green. I could clearly see the outline of her sports bra.

I took a moment to process what I saw. Of course, I can see this all I want when I look in the mirror, but it's still a whole other level when it's someone else. I quickly undressed my jacket and threw it towards our bikes. My black tank top shone up in the afternoon sun like an oil spot and stuck to me. As expected, the outline of my sports bra was clearly visible too. "I think I forgot a spot on my tank top too, could you help me?" I said to Emily. She happily obliged, rubbing all over my top and boobs, almost massaging me.

"That wet tank top suits you. You should wear that more often", Emily said. "Look at you and tell me about looking good. This olive top looks incredibly sexy on you." I said.

"Wait till you see my pants" she said seductively. She slowly walked out of the water until only her knees were still underwater. Her cargo pants looked incredible. Water dripping from them, shining in the same color as her top. I felt like it couldn't get any better, but then she reached for the button on her pants and looked at me. My mouth opened by itself. She slowly opened the button and lowered her pants. Underneath, she wore grey panties that turned dark grey and were also still dripping. I could only manage to produce a "wow" towards her. She turned around, presenting her wet, dark grey butt to me, posed for me. I slowly walked towards her and grabbed her hands. She let go of her pants that flopped down and splashed on the water.

I directed her hands towards the seam of my pants and opened my button. She slowly pulled my pants down to reveal my pink panties. Strategic choice, they are one of my favorites for presenting them in a wet state. It worked, Emily was completely focused and marveled at my soaked underwear. I grabbed her hips and pulled her towards me. Our faces inches apart, we both breathed heavily. I grabbed her wet butt. Our lips touched. Slowly, passionately, heavy breathing. Our hands going on a journey, exploring each other. I was in heaven. After a while, we let go of each other and had the same rush of emotions, the same hormone cocktail as back on the hill, only somehow even more intense. We both needed some time to get back into reality. When I was conscious again, I opened my mouth.

"You... wanna get out and dry a bit?" I said. "Y-yeah. Okay." she answered. We pulled our pants back up, enjoying the nice feeling of wet fabric rubbing upwards our legs, and slowly walked out of the water. I still couldn't process how incredible she looked. We lay down in the sand next to each other and just looked at the sky for a bit. What had just happened? That was way more than I had expected for the day.

"I like how my wet clothes stick to me and cool me", Emily finally said. "Yeah, me too. You know, I had so much fun today I couldn't even put it into words. I really enjoy being with you. Y-you know, I always do. But today's special" I said.

"Today is special. And you know what's even better? Once again... I have to pee" she said seductively. This woman can't get enough. I couldn't believe it. "You'd like to go in your pants again?" I said. I couldn't manage to be subtle if I tried. That was just too much.

"I would like that very much. And I like you very much" she said. I was done. "I... I do too. I- I'm sorry, I feel like a teenager right now. I always wondered why you never had a boyfriend." I said.

"I never met one who I liked more than friends. Sure, there were some hot guys. But none of them were, shall I say, hot enough. But you... I guess that makes me Samsexual?" she giggled. She couldn't avoid comic relieves. "Shut up, don't ruin the moment" I laughed. We slowly got nearer and nearer. Touched each other. Felt each other's wet clothes and bodies underneath. Kissed again.

"What do you think. Shall we pee again?" Emily said. I could only manage a silent, huffed "yes". I lay down and Emily kneeled on top of me. She slowly rubbed her crotch, moaning. I was breathing heavily, excited about what happens next. Finally, she exhaled slowly and I could see the crotch of her pants glisten up. A drop. Another drop. A trickle. I felt her hot pee soak into my pants, directly above my crotch. I felt it work it's way into my panties, dancing inside, making me even wetter than I was already. When she was done, she sat down on me. The extra pressure pressed my wet panties against myself. I couldn't wait any longer. I told Emily "my turn" and playfully pushed her to the side. She laid down and I kneeled on top of her. I didn't need to wait for long, my pee gushed out of me like a hydrant and sprayed all over her pants and belly.

I pushed again, making every last drop leave my bladder. When I was done, I sat down and rubbed myself against her. I felt a tsunami approaching. Slowly, then more quickly, then it fucking hit me and slapped all my synapses at once. I could only produce primal sounds and try to stay alive somehow and enjoy the roller coaster my body was sent onto. I could feel myself gushing even more out of myself, but it wasn't pee. I let it happen, let it soak into my panties, through my pants and hopefully into Emily's counterpart. I felt my body move on itself like clockwork, my hips rubbing onto her as if their life depended on it.

I was tired. Exhausted. In a good way, but still. But I couldn't stop, not yet. I held onto her boobs to avoid falling into a void of pleasure. Slowly, the feeling subsided and reality came back. I opened my eyes. Emily wasn't back yet. She was still in her sea of pleasure, completely submerged in her emotions. I waited for her to come back. We didn't talk. Our looks assured us that we were in fact both equally blown away and completely content with the universe.

Afterwards, we cuddled and enjoyed the sun, slowly letting us dry. When we got home later, Emily gave me a final goodbye kiss and told me that we definitely have to do another bike tour soon. But please, don't wait for so long until next time.

*027*2023-02-15 18:37

Finally another chapter. Another setting, another mission. Let's see how this will turn out. Enjoy! 🙂

Chapter 8: A song of ice, pee and fire (Part 1)

You don't think all of my stories take place in summer, right? Sure, it's way easier to get people to become wet when it's warm outside, but it's a special challenge in colder weather. And also more fun. Enter: Stephanie's story.

Let me tell you about Steph. She insisted that everyone should call her Steph as nobody should have to bear with three whole syllables every time her name is spoken. She saved us all a great deal of time. Anyway, Steph was one of the "cool girls" back in school, not to be confused with the popular girls. She had this slight tomboy aura but somehow always managed to be really feminine, even girly at times, while still radiating determination and seriousness. After school, we still met occasionally. One regular event we had together was our annual skiing trip. Now you see what I meant by colder weather. Oh boy, it wasn't so cold after all. But let me start at the beginning.

On a particularly cold day in December, close to Christmas, I had my last day of work before holiday and couldn't wait to finish off for the day. My phone already presented a handful of texts from Steph, saying she was excited and telling me how she was spending all day packing stuff. She was a bit of a... I wouldn't say control freak, but kind of planning-affine. When she packed, you could count on her having everything one could possibly need for a power outage, mild hurricane, the first few days of a zombie apocalypse, you get it. Fine with me, it means I can be way more careless and just pack some stuff. With all the winter clothes, my bags were full anyway. Also, I may have packed way more underwear and leggings that I could possibly need on our short vacation. I wondered how much of these items she packed. But I diverge, this was not yet relevant.

We met up early next day and started our journey. The journey itself was uneventful, we talked about the past year and old stories and everything. How she prefers warmer weather but wouldn't trade the snow around Christmas time for anything. She told me the whole long list of items she packed. I couldn't remember half of it. After some hours, we finally reached our destination: A skiing lodge that we basically had to ourselves because the owners visited their families over Christmas and only used the lodge in January. Every year, we gave the place a good clean during our stay and left it in a better shape than we found it, and in return would only pay for gas, power and stuff we ate and drank. A pretty good deal, considering we didn't have that much money at the time. We found a letter on the coffee table:

"Dear Steph and Sam!

We hope you enjoy your stay as always. Looking forward to a nice, clean hut next year. The fridge's contents are yours, a little pre-Christmas present.

Side note: We finally got a heated whirlpool! You should test it and tell us what you think.

Have fun!"

We both simultaneously shouted "wow!". I was excited for checking out the hot tub this evening. Steph looked around.

"Where is it?" she said.

"In the back, I guess? You know, that guest room that wasn't used anyway? Would make sense" I said. We looked around. As I suspected, there it was. It was already heated up and steaming slightly. Talk about energy efficiency. We walked over there and lifted the covers. A ball of steam rose. It was bigger than I expected. We could fit four people in there if we wanted. But it was only the two of us.

"Water's pretty warm!" Steph said, poking a finger in the water. "I'm seriously thinking about jumping in right here and now. It was so cold outside."

"Haha yeah, me too! But we have to unpack!" I said. After I said it, I cursed myself. What? I mean, I wouldn't have expected Steph to actually jump in, but I could at least have teased her a bit. This was the moment I decided that this year's skiing trip should be different. Let the mission begin.

We unpacked and got our stuff into nice little wooden wardrobes and checked out our beds. As always, they were spotless even though it should have been our job to clean them. I watched Steph unpack. She brought her skiing outfit consisting of a black and neon yellow suit with pants, warm underwear and not two, not three, but four pairs of leggings and sweat pants, all in different colors.

"What are you planning to do with all these clothes?" I asked her in my signature nonchalant way.

"Uhm. Wear them? What do you think?" She said.

"Sure, yeah. With eight pairs of panties, you sure are able to change a lot if..." I stopped. No, not that straight forward.

"If... what?" She teased me. "Besides, did you really count them? Ew!" Okay, I think that she did not expect an answer.

"Maybe? Just to see how ill-prepared I am in comparison. As always. Only three." I said. Phew.

"So you aren't able to change a lot? Does that make you nervous?" she continued to tease me. Okay, if you want it so...

"Why would I have to change that much? Tell me!" I said.

"Uhm, I don't know. Maybe you drink too much while skiing and... haha!" she said. Wait what? You know that feeling you get when you talk to vanilla people and they get a little too specific about this stuff and you wonder if it's just a random thought they get or... if there's more to it? Yeah, that was my thought.

"Yeah sure, haha!" I said. "Does that happen to you?"

"Oh, all the time! I never find a toilet in time! Besides it's nice and warm, right?" she said. Yeah, she was mocking me for sure. If only she knew how she took my thoughts hostage and threw me in a flash fantasy. I had to react to not raise suspicion... yet.

"Oh stop it. Come on, let's finish unpacking and head outside. I can't wait!" I said. Of course, my thoughts were still glued to her words. Nice and warm... Nice and warm...

We had some pretty nice descents. The snow was fresh and the slopes were pretty empty. Not uncommon here, it was a pretty exclusive (and usually expensive) area and most people didn't come here until January. We took a break early in the afternoon and headed to the bar lodge to warm up and drink something. Of course, I drank pretty much and made Steph do the same. Hydrate yourself and all. It was pretty exhaustive after all. When we got back outside after Steph insisted she didn't need to go to the toilet right now, I could start to feel my bladder already. We had some more descents and got back up by the cable car when finally, Steph dropped this out of nowhere.

"I'm gonna go pee when we get up again. I won't last another descent. Talk about having fun, I completely forgot. Hurry up." she said. Her cheeks were a bit red from the cold. Mine got red too, but not from the cold. We hurried to the cable cars. You know what always happens in fan fictions when the characters take a cable car? Yeah, they suddenly stop. And then stay there for ages. I hoped, really hoped, this would happen, but it didn't. We reached the top and I tried to avoid looking disappointed. We got to the lodge. Steph walked more stiff than usual, apparently she really had to go by now. She reached for the door.

"What the fuck? Ugh. It... it can't be closed! What time is it?" My heart skipped a beat.

"I... uhm.. It's half past four" I stuttered. Oh right! They close at four! We completely forgot! Oh my god! Thank you, Omorashi deity!

"They can't be... can't be closed! This is the only toi... round here! Ugh" she stuttered. She started to hold herself. How is it possible for her to lose her posture that fast? Time to lead the conversation in the right direction, I thought.

"I'm bursting too. Let's see if we can find somewhere else around here" I said. I was positive there wasn't another place, but I had to win some time. You never know how close is "close enough" with vanillas. I was pretty close myself, but I could last a bit longer. Nonetheless, I decided to give myself a little metaphorical pat on the shoulder by releasing a spurt. Adrenaline rush. It never gets old. I felt my panties warm up instantly. Of course, nothing could be seen outside, my black snow pants hiding everything. We walked around a bit. As expected, no place was in sight. When my Omo senses were telling me she was really close to the edge, I spoke up.

"Let's head back to our lodge, it's not that far!" I said. She looked at me in shock.

"W-What? It's down the fucking slope! How should I get down there? I feel like I'm going to lose it any second!" No, you're not. Not yet. I know that. But I can't let her know that I do.

"Just try to hold it a little longer. I'm bursting too, but we'll make it!" No, we're not. Neither of us. I was feeling it too now. I released another, longer spurt now. It felt like heaven against the cold outside. We got on our skis and headed for the slope. I kicked off, telling her that I will wait at a platform in the middle. As she realized there was no other chance, she followed me. Legs crossed as much as possible. Trying to press them together while still being fast. In the middle of the slope, I waited for her. She rushed right past me.

"...fucking go! I'm starting to lose it! Just..." I heard her yell. I followed her. When we reached the bottom, she quickly clicked off her skis and hobbled on. We still had a five minute walk ahead of us.

"Oh shit! No! Not yet! Ugh! I... I stopped it! Hurry!" she said. I decided to verbally weaken her bladder a bit more.

"It's not far! I lost a few spurts already but we can still make it! Oh no, another one!" I said. To add to the realism in my voice, I peed a few times. Not that I could avoid it, I was bursting myself. There's no turning back now.

"Fuck! Again! Stop stop stop! Shit!" she said. She was losing it. No point in denying. Of course, she was denying it still because she didn't know better. I reached for her arm.

"Wait! There's no point. It's too far. We won't make it. Just... relax" I said in a soothing voice.

"Just what? If I relax I'll lose it completely! Come on, hurry!" she said.

"I know. But you're gonna lose it anyway. No point in hurting yourself. Just let go. Just... aah" I said. At this point, I was pushing a bit to start my iron bladder and peed for a few seconds. Steph looked at me in horror.

"Are... what are you... Oh my god, you can't be seri... Fuck! Another!" she said. She wasn't quite there yet. Just a little push was all that's left.

"Ugh. It feels soo good to finally let go! I'm doing it! Come on, relax Steph!" I said. I saw her breathe fast and then sigh. It wasn't her choice now. She moaned for a few seconds and crossed her legs. It looked incredibly hot. How she pressed her legs together and held her hands on her slightly bent legs. Looking down. After a few seconds, she looked up again.

"I fucking peed myself! I could stop it, but I'm feeling like it's gonna come again any second" she said.

"It doesn't matter now anyway, right? Just relax and let the rest flow too, you're gonna feel better. I promise" I said. Somehow, I was persistent enough that she did. She looked at me, then down herself, then she closed her eyes. After a few seconds, I could hear a slight moan. Through her ski pants I couldn't see a thing, but her face and noises told me all I had to know. I decided to empty myself too. I held my crotch for extra effect and relaxed. I felt my panties overflow almost instantly and the warmth reach down my leggings. With nowhere to go, pee pooled in my boots and slowly soaked my socks. When it was over after I don't know how much time, I pushed the last bit out and looked over to Steph.

"I... I'm done. I'm empty." she said. Not yet back with me, I thought. She exhaled deeply. I had to comfort her.

"See? It wasn't so bad, right? You're feeling way better now, don't you?" I said and put my arm around her. She looked at me.

"It wasn't bad at all. I mean, I could die right now from embarrassment. But by itself... I'm sorry. Let's... let's head back to the lodge." she said. She loved it! She doesn't know yet, but she did! I couldn't wait for us to reach the lodge and continue.

- to be continued -

*029*2023-02-16 18:52

{{23 hours ago, bestrapperalive said:

Nice concept. Fertile ground for essentially infinite chapters. You do a good job building these vignettes naturally, even if it's a bit... convenient that Sam's targets almost always end up enjoying things more than one would expect 😉 I enjoyed the classic haunted house wetting, since that's my kinda thing, and the waders scene with the happy ending, because it was a pretty unique concept that you did a good job bringing to life, and then just a super hot finish. Also, good job with the English, better than a lot of native speakers.

}}

Thank you very much! 🙂

It is indeed convenient, but I guess that's my kink ex machina plot device. Plus, it allows me to create some kind of "after they know it" scene where suddenly it's deliberate.

*030*2023-02-28 19:24

Here's the follow-up. I decided to split this chapter into three, not two parts. It just has way too much left that I want to write down. Have fun! 🙂

Chapter 9: A song of ice, pee and fire (Part 2)

We walked for what felt like an eternity. Not only because both Steph and I knew that neither of us could have managed to hold all the way at all, I was also eager to know what happened next. Right before we took our last turn towards the lodge, we met another human being. Which wasn't very common here at this time. She looked pretty nervous, but somehow glad to see us.

"Oh thank God!" she said, "uhm, are... are you staying somewhere here?"

Steph wasn't in the mood for talking, she hid her face and looked down. So I took over.

"Hi! Yeah, we do. Is everything alright?" I said. When the woman stopped, I could see her legs in an all too familiar X-shape. Could it be?

"Y-yeah, fine. It's just... do you happen to know a toilet somewhere around here? That stupid lodge up the hill is closed!"

"Yeah, we know. Uhm, I mean... no, I'm sorry. We tried to find one too" I said without thinking.

"You... tried?" she said. Steph interjected.

"We tried, uhm, but it's not that bad yet. I'm sure we'll find one. Come on Sam, let's go" she said. You couldn't tell if she was blushing because of the cold or because of something else.

"Oh, okay. Uhm, is it okay if I continue with you? It's pretty bad I'm afraid. Name's Claire by the way. I'm staying here with my husband and kids." she said.

"Yeah sure, hi Claire. I'm Sam and this is Steph. We're..." - Steph interjected again.

"We're staying at a hotel." She nudged me. What? I looked at her, puzzled.

"I see. Well, you two girls should start heading home soon. You never know how long it takes to find..." Claire said.

"Yeah, and you can't just open up and let it flow like the boys" I said. I was testing how bad it is. We weren't far from the lodge, but apparently Steph wanted to do something else.

"You two have it good. When I was your age, I could hold it for hours and hours. After two kids, not so much. I'm doing kegels and all that stuff, but you can't trick nature." I was impressed by how matter-of-fact she was. She was at most in her thirties, or maybe she cared for herself enough to look younger. She looked rather sporty and had mid-length blonde hair, which maybe added to her look. Her jacket and snow pants were dark blue and had some subtle light blue stripes on them. Rather odd, but good looking.

"So, what should we do?" Steph said. Suddenly, she didn't hide her face anymore. I was intrigued.

"I have no idea. My hotel where my family stays is like an hour away. I took great care to have this day to myself, and now this. Screw morning coffee and tea. If I don't find a toilet soon..."

"Let's head over there, maybe there is some kind of public toilet. I mean, there must be, right?" Steph said. She pointed in the opposite direction of our lodge. What was she doing? Suddenly, I was reminded of my wet pants. The snow pants did an amazing job of isolation, it still felt warm and comfy. I wondered if Steph forgot it or if she liked it too. Either way, she marched towards her presumed route and gestured us to follow her. I quickly did, while Claire hobbled along a bit slower.

After a while, Claire stopped.

"Ah snap. It's no use. Once again." she said. She didn't seem too bothered by this realization. Steph's eyes grew big.

"Again?" I asked.

"As I said. Two kids. It's a part of life. After some time, you just accept the fact and plan ahead. Do you know that snow pants are waterproof both ways?" she said. Steph blushed again. This time, it was clear it wasn't from the cold.

"Uhm... what do you mean?" she said. Playing innocent. Unbelievable.

"She means that you couldn't tell if someone had... an accident in them" I said while nudging her. She jumped from that.

"Right. And it's no use holding yourself until it hurts. Girls, pants are washable." Claire said. After that, she closed her eyes and sighed. Was... was she just casually peeing herself in front of us? Even for me, that was unexpected.

"You're not making it easier for us, Claire" I said. After a while, Claire opened her eyes again and smiled at us.

"It's easier for me to not stress myself about such minor things. I'm completely soaked now, but that's fine. Now I can head back without pressure. My husband will understand, as he always does. I hope you'll find something for yourself soon. And if not, remember: Don't work yourselves up about stuff like this. Even less if it's invisible to others. See?" She pushed her hips forward and pointed to her crotch. As expected, you couldn't see anything. I was wondering if she was really just giving us friendly advice or if she suspected anything, but I didn't ask. We said goodbye and parted our ways again.

"Well that was unexpected" I said. "What were you doing leading this poor lady away from our lodge, Steph?" I said.

"I... don't know. I feel kind of bad for her. But when she was so desperate, I... kind of wanted to know what happened next. And she took it pretty good, right?" she said, nervously.

"I guess. She didn't seem too bothered. Much unlike you. But yeah. By the way, how are your pants? Cold?" I said.

"Actually, no. Still warm. And completely wet, of course. I can't believe how good these snow pants are. And I..." she stopped.

"You... what?"

"I think I have to go again. And I don't want to wait till we get to the lodge." she said. At this point, we were maybe five minutes away from it. There's no way she couldn't hold it until then.

"So... you want to do it in your pants again?" I said. A bit too bold, but I tried to not make it sound like an accusation.

"Is that bad? I mean... of course it is, what was I thinking." she said. Looking down again and starting to head towards the lodge. I grabbed her arm.

"Wait. Remember what Claire said. It's no big deal. Don't stress yourself."

"But it's not that bad. Not as bad as it was before. I could hold it if I wanted... I mean..."

"But you don't have to. Come on, you are soaked already. We have to wash up anyway. Wanna do it together?" I said. I took her hands and stood in front of her.

"O... okay. I'm relaxing now... Now... Ugh. Nothing's coming" she said. Ah, the classic. I still held it, I wanted to wait for her to start.

"Push a bit to get it started. Think of the warmth. Aaah." I said. I started my flow. Even though I thought it was still warm from before, the new pee was way warmer. It felt great to re-wet. I looked at Steph while slowly emptying myself once again.

"O... okay." Steph sighed and looked at me. "It works! I'm peeing! Oh my gosh!" She closed her eyes and broadened her smile. After a few seconds, she opened them again. "Done. Not nearly as much as before. I feel so dirty but also so good. I'm confused." she said.

"That's okay. What's important is that you're comfortable and happy. Now, shall we head back?" I said. Steph had an empty look on her face and then, as if she remembered something again, looked at me.

"Oh! Yeah. Let's go. I can't wait to warm up. I mean... My upper half" she said. So we walked back. With every step, I felt my wet panties and leggings and I was sure that Steph felt the same. She was grinning all the way, so I guess she didn't mind that. We got to the lodge in no time. I opened the front door and we were greeted by a cozy and warm room. Finally. We put our stuff down and stood near the door, unsure on what to do now we got here.

"So... I guess we should go change?" I said.

"Oh, yeah. Is it okay if I go first?" Steph said. I was a bit sad that she didn't invite me to go with here, but, again, this isn't porn. So I nodded to her and took a chair. I sat down and felt my wet pants again. You can never get tired of this feeling, can you? While I waited for Steph to finish, I relaxed a few times and trickled a bit to refresh the wetness. Not much, sadly. After some time, Steph came back.

"Next! I hung my snow pants up, I hope you don't mind. And I showered with my leggings on, I figured they needed a wash as much as I did." At this moment, I cursed myself for not following her. She held her blue leggings and panties over her arm. They glistened and were darker than when I watched her unpack. I felt myself twinge a bit inside my pants. What a missed opportunity! I watched her every step as she walked over to the oven and hung her clothes over a chair to let them dry. Now, she was wearing burgundy leggings and a matching tank top. The backside of her tank top got a bit wet from her hair. I was fixated. When she noticed me practically staring at her, she laughed.

"Are you okay? Come on, compared to what we did outside, you can't be weirded out that much from me showering with my clothes on. They didn't even become much wetter anyway. Would you have preferred me to hang my soaked clothes up before washing them? That would smell" she said. I was completely perplexed at the moment, but now I am surprised that it apparently wasn't even an option to undress and wash her clothes in the sink or something.

"I uhm... no, you're fine. I'm fine. I'll go" I stammered. That was a bit too much for the moment. I went over to the bathroom, greeted by a completely steamed up room and a faint smell of pee. I saw Steph's snow pants hung over a chair. It was way too warm here to stay in snow clothes for more than a second, so I started to undress. I lost my jacket and saw that my light-grey long sleeved shirt had obvious sweat markings all over it. It looked pretty nice. I felt my boobs, my sports bra felt pretty soggy from the outside.

I opened my pants, undid the suspenders and let the pants fall down. My grey leggings were completely darkened up to my hips. The only dry spots were the sides of my hips and parts of my butt. I liked this look. Before taking too long, I took my snow clothes and hung them up next to Steph's. I touched the inside of her pants, they were completely soaked. I felt another twinge in my pants. As I walked towards the shower, I saw Steph's blue long sleeved shirt hung over the shower wall. She must have forgotten it. It was completely soaked too. When I yanked it down, it smacked against me and created some additional wet spots on my clothes. Just as I wanted to hang it up with the pants, the door burst open.

"Sorry, I forgot my..." Steph said. She looked at me. I was standing there in all my glory. Completely drenched leggings and sweat stains all over my top. Holding her dripping shirt in my hands.

"Your shirt? Here you go" I said. She was fixated on my leggings, reaching out her arm in an attempt to grab her blue shirt.

"Thanks... And sorry for disturbing you" she said. Before I could answer, she closed the door again. I was a bit proud. Apparently she liked what she saw. I got into the shower. Obviously, I didn't undress. Why would I? Before I let the water start, I pushed on my bladder one last time while holding my crotch through my leggings. A warm rush flowed through my fingers and ran down my legs. I pressed my fingers a bit. When I was done, I opened the tap and stood under the warm shower. Slowly, my shirt and the few dry spots on my leggings got a uniform color of dark, shiny grey. My black sports bra was shining through ever so slightly and my black panties did the same. I caressed myself and took some extra time between my legs. When I thought that my clothes had enough soaking, I undressed. I wrung out my grey clothes and hung them over the shower. I thought about Steph doing the same before me and wondered if she touched herself too. The thought alone made me shiver a bit.

I was standing under the hot water in my sports bra and panties and started to slide a finger inside them. Then another. Then my hand. I looked down and saw my hands projected onto the outside of my soaked panties, dancing inside them. I felt sticky. I had to do it now. Slowly, I traced my finger along my womanhood and felt it slip. I let it happen. I thought about Steph, about relief, about warm pants, about Claire, about the whirlpool... It didn't take me long, obviously. You know, if I do this while in the shower and I'm still wearing panties, I like to wipe my finger on the outside and then trace along my vag to make it soak in all my lube.

Then, when I undress my panties, I inspect the gusset and wipe it under the running water until it's clean again. Depending on how long that takes, I know if it was a good or a great session. This time, it was more than great. I finished cleaning myself up and left the shower. I dressed again, choosing white leggings and a white tank top over pink underwear, and taking my wet clothes with me. When I got back to the living room of the lodge, Steph was sitting on a chair and looking out the window. She looked up at me, startled.

"Done. Let me hang my stuff with yours" I said. Like I did before, she followed my every movement when I hung my clothes over the chair. I hung my panties and bra in slow motion, directly next to hers. I walked over to her and sat down.

"So... what shall we do now? It's getting late" I said.

"I don't know. I'm still a bit confused from before."

"From seeing me in wet pants?" I laughed.

"No.. no. Well, maybe that too, but all of today basically. I guess let's have dinner and then..." she looked out of the window again.

"And then maybe test the whirlpool?" I said. She looked at me with big eyes. She nodded, intently. I smiled at her. You know, I'm excited myself for telling you what happened after. But let's take a break now. I'm sure you'll need as much time as I did for processing this.

- to be continued -

