Omovember 2021: Day 18

Author: PPP

*000*2021-11-22 04:55

$$

###

Day 18: Caught peeing in a strange location Cassandra Cain (Batgirl)

###

The darkness hung over Gotham City like a heavy blanket. Even the streetlights could barely penetrate it, and anything higher than a few stories up was black as pitch. That suited Cassandra Cain just fine, however. Crouching on the rooftop of a towering apartment building, she was relying on the night to be her cover. She scanned the streets through infrared binoculars, but her prey had yet to show itself.

“Bat-C?” the voice in her ear buzzed. “Any sign of them yet?”

“Not yet, Bat-S,” Cassandra replied. The girl on the other end was Stephanie Brown, her closest friend. Both were currently operating under the alias of Batgirl, so the codenames were a way to identify themselves while staying secure. You never knew who could be listening.

“You think O’s data was false?” Stephanie wondered aloud.

“I assure you, it was not,” came the unamused voice of Barbara Gordon. A former Batgirl herself, she now provided comms and intel under the name of Oracle.

“Babs!” Stephanie cried, which was painfully loud over the earpieces. “I didn’t know you were on this channel!”

“Are you really surprised?” Barbara asked. She needed no answer; everyone knew her technical skills were second to none.

“Anyway,” Barbara continued, “the data’s solid. There’s a new gang in town, and they’re scheduled to make a major arms deal tonight on Varley Avenue. They call themselves the Mutants, but they don’t appear to be meta-humans.”

“Just trying to scare people,” Cassandra surmised.

“Mm-hm,” Barbara agreed. “Then again, those in glass houses…” She trailed off. “Anyway, several terrified goons have vouched for the information’s authenticity, but there seems to be some disagreement over the exact time and location of the meeting. Both of you stay put for now.”

“Understood,” said Cassandra, and she resumed her patrol.

Minutes turned into hours, but there was still no sign of the target. Still gazing through the binoculars, Cass shifted her crouching position to avoid getting a cramp. As she did, she felt an uncomfortable tingle in her bladder.

Not surprising, she thought, given how long I’ve been up here. I’ll take care of it as soon as I get the chance.

But that chance never came. As time passed agonizingly slowly, Cassandra began to fidget involuntarily. She breathed deeply and tried to ignore the uncomfortable feeling of a full bladder. No matter how hard she tried, however, Cass was unable to block out the sensation. It stayed with an irritating persistence, prodding her, testing her resolve.

I can’t concentrate like this! Cassandra realized. She winced as another realization hit her. In that case, there’s only one solution. With one hand still holding the binoculars (through which she still saw nothing), she reached down and removed her utility belt. Once that was out of the way, she pulled at the lower portion of her costume. The latex pants were tight, but Cass eventually managed to get them around her ankles. Her underwear was much easier to take off, by comparison. Cassandra shot a quick glance down at her nude lower body to make sure she wouldn’t splash her boots, then resumed her lookout, squatted, and let her bladder relax.

Cassandra sighed in relief as she started peeing, a steady stream flowing out of her and landing on the rooftop with a soft pitter-patter. Bright light rose up in front of the infrared binoculars, and Cass realized with some embarrassment that her pee was making steam in the cold night air. Still, it felt good to relieve her desperation. And there was something exciting about doing so in a public place, even if nobody could see her.

“Cass?”

Cassandra jerked her head around towards the source of the noise. Stephanie had landed silently on the roof behind her, and was staring goggle-eyed at the squatting Batgirl.

“Um, what are you doing?” Steph asked. Cass felt her face burn up. Her back was turned to Stephanie, but that was a small mercy: she knew her rear was fully exposed, and that what she was doing was all too obvious.

“I had to… you know, go,” Cass explained weakly, silently begging for her stream to stop.

“Stupid question,” Steph mumbled, turning away. “I’ll let you finish.”

“Thank you,” said Cassandra, and it wasn’t long before her bladder was fully empty. She redressed herself and announced, “You can look now.”

The two Batgirls faced each other, an awkward silence hanging between them.

“I won’t mention it if you won’t,” Stephanie said finally.

“Sure,” said Cassandra gratefully. “Why are you here anyway?”

“Oh, right!” Steph cried. “I almost forgot, I spotted the Mutants! Oracle wanted radio silence, so I went to grab you. I figured you wouldn’t want to miss the fun.”

“You know me well,” said Cass with a smile. Together, they swung off into the night.

###

Next up: In front of a crush

