Amy. A life-long love of Wetting - An Audio Story - Chapter 1

Author: Piano59

*000*2024-07-17 14:08

I'm posting this story under 'fiction', although it's almost entirely fact. I hope to share some of the joys with you along the way. This is the first of what could become a mini-series. There's so much more to tell. You have the choice. Listen to the audio, or read the text below. Enjoy!

We all lead stressful lives, and we all need to find our own ways of unwinding and relieving the pressures. I’ve always worked hard, and tried to live a simple life. A tendency to frugality has kept my life and environment uncluttered. These simple principles have led me to where I am today. I live in a modest little house, with a secluded garden where I can enjoy my privacy, relax, and retreat from this increasingly insane world.

Cutting to the chase. When I’m in the mood for some deep relaxation, one of the things I do is to pee my pants. There. I said it. I piss in my knickers. I do this on purpose, and it gives me great pleasure. Have I shocked you? I know this is not everyone’s idea of fun, but I’m not on my own. Pissing in panties for pleasure is a minority interest, that’s for sure, and you wouldn’t be alone in thinking this a bit weird, but it’s more common than you might think.

I can trace my fascination with wetting back into early childhood. I was five or six years old when I first felt powerful feelings of an inexplicable, out of the ordinary need, and I had to find safe ways of wetting my knickers in secret. I carried on secretly wetting all through early childhood and into my teens, only stopping when changing circumstances made it too difficult to carry on. My need never subsided.

How, or why, I ever got into this are questions that can not be answered with certainty, but with the benefit of adulthood years to reflect, I have some thoughts. Is this nature or nurture, or a little of each? We can explore this. My childhood was less than perfect. A violent mother and emotionally absent father, both members of a lunatic-fringe, pseudo-christian cult. I called it ‘The Church of Tears’. I was forced to attend, and I hated everything about it. There are only a hand-full of, “though shalt not”s, in the “Good Book”, but the Church of Tears were daily churning out fresh commandments, blind unquestioning obedience to which being our only hope of salvation from an eternity of fire.

This oppressive, totalitarian regime extended into every aspect of life. Draconian, often violent punishments, out of all proportion to the slightest digression. I felt so alone, and had to develop my own defence. From my earliest of memories I instinctively felt that all was rotten with the church, and I fought hard to reject everything that came from there. After some years I realised there was only one rule that really mattered to them. “Give us your money”! That helped make sense of it.

Throughout adult life I’ve established a history of standing up against injustice, of challenging abuse of authority, and of seeking out and exposing the rotten or corrupt. Is this a political statement? I have engaged with various campaign groups and political causes over time, but I’m no politician. I wonder if maybe my motivation in this is an extension of my need to push back against the injustices piled upon me in childhood. Could it be the enjoyment I get from wetting is in some way an ongoing rebellion against what was probably a heavily punishment oriented potty training regime? In no psychologist, and I don’t think it matters now. I enjoy letting my piss flow freely in my knickers. I do this in private, and I never let it affect anyone else.

My name? Oh it’s Amy, by the way, and this is the first chapter of my story. There’s much more to tell. It’s a lovely summer morning as I write this. I’m relaxing in my garden with a nice pot of tea, and I’m wetting my knickers at this very moment. Sometimes I like to hold, and hold, until the inevitable happens. At other times, like today, I’m just trying to relax as far as possible, letting my wee flow free as little and as often as my body wants. I think this is the way I like best. I can stay nicely wet for a very long time. I might need to go indoors soon to make another pot of tea, but I’ve got nothing else planned for the rest of the day.

Amy. A life of wetting. An Audio Story - Chapter 1.mp3

