Commotion In The Park (Vulpix, Shinx, and Skitty omo)

Author: Pachishock

*000*2021-06-10 13:14

Back again with another story. This one’s concept was actually based on another story I read, though it was pretty old. If the original uploader of said story wants me to change anything or take it down, I will.

That being said, enjoy part 1, part 2 will be out shortly and will feature more of what you’re here for. I think in a reply to this topic.

“Nnn.. ahh..”

Shrouded by her deep sleep, a Vulpix tossed and turned in her bed. It was very, very early in the morning, it was dark in her room, and outside. Beside her bed laid 3 empty water bottles, and under the cover laid a paw between her legs.

Whatever this Vulpix was dreaming of. You could bet it had something to do with a certain urge.

8 AM

Her alarm clock awakened her. She sat up and wiped her sleepy eyes with her fluffy paw. Then, looked down as she felt a warmth in her bed.

“Oh! Not again!!”

This Vulpix was simply named Pix. She had a bit of trouble, especially when it came to pee-related matter. Pix was teased most of her years in school, if not for being small, or not wanting to evolve, it was for her frequent yips needing the bathroom. Pix loved her figure, her short but adorable paws, her cute cinnamon bun hair. She wouldn’t give it up for the world, but it came at a cost. Her bladder capacity was greatly reduced. And even though she was a fully grown Vulpix, her accidents still happened. Fortunately, Pix was a very kind, yet picky Pokémon. She had gotten the sheets she had wet all in the washing machine. It took her longer than expected, and took most of her morning. Up. It was now lunch time.

Pix was a little displeased at this. She ate a sandwich she had prepared and sighed, still bummed by this morning. Sitting her cute tush on her chair the pondered. “Maybe I should go out to the park today. That’ll get my mind off things.” Smiling at the thought she agreed to go in a few hours.

And so, at 2:00, She locked up her apartment complex, and started heading out towards the park. She took many water bottles, as it was hot out. Putting them in her little hand bag, she trotted over, as it wasn’t far away. Suddenly...

*thud*

”Ah!”

“Whoops! Sorry!”

Someone had bumped into Pix. Regaining her vision, she could see that it was a Skitty! But she didn’t look young.

“A Skitty?”

”A Vulpix?”

The two looked at each other for a minute, but before Pix could say anything she was interrupted by the Skitty.

“Let me guess! You also love how you look right now too much to evolve??”

She blurted out.

Pix was astonished by the outburst, but was more happy she met someone with the same outlook as she did. They quickly started talking and became friends. She learned that this Skitty was named Kitkat, and she was very hyperactive.

The two lay on a grassy hill and talked for what seemed like forever. Bonding over their shared interests, what berries they liked, a little boy talk. However, a sudden feeling made Pix’s tails twirl and her legs move a bit closer together. Kitkat spoke up, “uh? What’s up? Did ya sense something? Is it a ghost? Is there maybe a-“

Pix had to wave her paw in front of Kitkat to snap her back into reality.

“No, Kat, I just kind of have to-

“Pee? Oh I knew it! I was wondering when you were gonna ask to go!”

Kat pointed her stubby Skitty leg at Pix’s bag. Pix blushes as she realizes she’s drank all four of the water bottles she brought along in just an hour.

“But on that note,” Kat went on “I’ve gotta whizz too!” The Skitty’s expression seemed mischievous for some odd reason.

Pix sighed, she probably forgot to, knowing her personality.

”Well, shall we go? So we can.. y’know, go?” Kitkat giggled at her own joke.

”Sure, sure. It’s starting to get worse. Let’s find a bathroom, there’s got to be one somewhere in this park...”

*001*2021-06-10 13:58

Commotion In The Park pt. 2

After wandering around the park for a good couple of minutes, the two decide to walk around the entire primacies in search of a bathroom.

Things were quiet til the cat butted in.

”So, how long have you been holding it in huh?”

Pix jumped a bit. What kind of a question was that??

”W-well,” she stammered “I haven’t gone since this morning.”

Kitkat’s eyes seemed to glow. “Oh wow! I guess you’ve really gotta go then!”

”Y-yeah but do you have to talk about it like that??”

Pix did indeed have to go though. Her bladder was nearing that full feeling fast. She looked down at the ground and tried to concentrate so she wouldn’t end up leaking so soon. But she had to keep her head up to look for a bathroom. It was slowly taking over her mind as the only thing she could think about.

”Oo! I’m sure glad you’re coming with me! You know how fun it is to pee with friends? *gasp* Have you ever peed with another Pokémon before?! It’s-“

Kitkat was really starting to get on Pix’s nerves now. She enjoyed talking to her but right now more important measures were at hand.

At last what they sought all along was in sight. The park’s restrooms!

...

...we’re closed??

”Wh-what??” Pix’s eyes widened. Her tails frizzed up.

“Bummer!” Stifled Kat we came all this way for them to be...”

”closed” came a voice, different from the two girls.

They looked over to see a sort of smug looking Shinx, leaning against the boy’s bathroom’s opening.

”Might I interest you girls in an alternative?”

This was all so sudden. Pix’s common sense was telling her no. But her bladder screamed yes at her. It was really nearing that point. But as per usual Kat spoke first.

”Oo! An alternative? What are you talking about!”

The Shinx spiked up his hair, which was already spiked up.

“Simple, woods.”

And he pointed a paw towards the woods.

“That, ladies, is your one way ticket to relief.”

Pix, who already valued her privacy, and got embarrassed easily, had had enough being told what to do by this Shinx.

“I think I’ll take my chances elsewhere.” She said, her picky side up-showing her desperate need. But that opinion changed when she had to bend down, and press a paw against her crotch.

Kat glanced over to Pix.

”Come on Pix! It’s the only thing we can do left! Not like we can make it all the way back to you or my house!” She bounced in place as she spoke.

Kat was right. It was the only way.

“Fine.” Pix decided. “But if we’re going in the woods we’re going deep in.”

Kat whined, pushing her tail between her legs. Pix wondered herself if she could make it that far. Shorter legs made short distances feel even longer. But quickly brushed the thought aside in favor of privacy.

The Shinx jumped down to join them.

“Not without me you’re not! Name’s Zythe.” He said

”And why’s that?!” Pix spluttered, expecting she was in contact with a pervert.

“Well.. um.. I kinda have to go pretty bad too.”

All slickness and confidence in the Shinx comedically drained away as he blushed, pressing his legs together.

Pix decided not to rebuttal, as it would only create more time between her and finally pissing.

So the three started off towards the woods.

It was getting late.

Kat bit her lip. “What’s it gotta take to find a toilet around here Pix?!”

Zythe shook his head. “We could have gone ages ago, but we’re stuck following her until she finds her ‘so called perfect spot’! Seriously. I really gotta pee.

Pix looked around more frantically than before. The chatter of her forced companions made her wish she was just by herself already. She scoped out the area. Being interrupted by a pang in her full bladder. “Nng!” She crossed her warm legs and continued searching.

“This is unfair!” Kat whined “I have to tinkle! No- it’s more than a tinkle! It’s more like a waterfall! No, like two wa-“

Cut off by Zythe this time. “You think you talking about it is gonna make us feel any more relief?”

“eheh.. sorry” Kat replied with an awkward smile.

Zythe then spoke up. “Come on, let’s just go find our own places. I seriously can’t hold it anymore..”

He dashed off without a second thought.

Kat followed suit. “See ya Pix! Enjoy your wee!”

Pix realized her comrades were gone. Normally this would have made the Vulpix extra scared. The reason she needed to tell them where to go, was so she absolutely knew she wouldn’t be watched while going. However. That didn’t matter anymore. Her pickiness was long forgotten. She was alone now and that’s all that mattered. She ran to a nearby tree stump. Almost a day’s worth of piss built up in her bladder. “Damn it damn it..” she shook, trying to steady herself. She didn’t care if it was the woods, the park, her room, or her bed. She just needed to pee. Now. Trying to squat over the stump, she fell. Now sitting on her butt in the leafs on the ground. This, was good enough. Her pent up bladder released itself.. the stream was strong. The little Pix pissed like a race horse. Splashing the ground as her stream hit hard. She moaned. Loudly. All the relief took her aback. Pix had never held it for so long.

“Thank A-Arceus...”

Finally, her stream came to a stop. Empty at last, she stood up, and walked back to find her friends.

“I’m looking forward to a bath tonight..”

Thanks for reading! I really tried to make this one long, and I would love to do more with these three in the future. If you’d like to see more just say so, and the original story that gave me the idea to do this is linked here: (credit to them)

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/5242-vul-pees-final-draft/?do=embed"

Again, I’d like to expand on these characters, maybe make my own little separate story containing omorashi of some sort, but only time will tell.

And again if the original author finds my story to similar, I’ll take it down if they want. Okay that’s it. See y’all in another 6 months.

*003*2021-06-11 10:54

Thank you so much! >^<

*005*2021-10-11 12:11

{{On 10/9/2021 at 12:21 PM, _(:зゝ∠)_ said:

0w0 cute story like it

}}

Thank you!

