Michelle and Lizzie

Author: PeeExplosion

*000*2023-05-18 16:51

Michelle and Lizzie were both college juniors at their local college. Michelle was a shorter girl with dark brown hair. On this particular Thursday, she was dressed casually for classes, wearing black leggings and a blue T-shirt. She had been best friends with Lizzie since they had met during their freshman year. Lizzie had opted to wear white jean shorts and a grey hoodie over a cute lavender blouse -- an outfit that accentuated her long, toned legs.

Lizzie was on the tennis team as well as a dance team, and frequently worked out. She was also a consistent honour student and paid close attention to all her classes, having never missed the dean's list thanks to her studious tendencies. She also attracted a lot of looks from many of the guys on campus, and was pretty popular overall. Michelle wasn't nearly as popular, but despite this, the two of them nearly always stuck together. They went to the same parties, registered for the same classes, and hung out with the same people all the time.

On this particular day, they had gone to a restaurant on campus for lunch, and they had each had a large soda. Lizzie, being the health-conscious girl she was, had also drank an entire Hydro Flask worth of water earlier in the morning. Michelle had also had quite a bit to drink, although not nearly as much as Lizzie. She had finished a coffee earlier in the day to stay awake, as well as most of a disposable water bottle. After lunch, the pair had back-to-back classes, each over an hour long. Because the campus dining area was rather far from the classroom buildings, they were not able to run to the bathroom after eating. Instead, they made the long walk across campus and up the stairs to the third-floor lecture hall, barely making it on time for their computer science class.

Not being able to go to the bathroom didn't seem like a huge deal to Michelle at first. But after 40 minutes passed through a lecture that she found somewhat boring, Michelle noticed her bladder filling while listening to the professor drone on about the finer points of binary search trees. It made her slightly uncomfortable in her seat, but not enough to make her react verbally. She knew how much Lizzie would get annoyed if she was distracted from her class, so Michelle resolved herself to quietly hold her pee until the end of class and then go to the bathroom in between lectures.

Damn, I really have to pee, Michelle thought to herself after another 20 minutes. She was now starting to feel a pretty real urge as the coffee and soda worked their way through her system. The constant pressure of the waistband of her form-fitting leggings didn't help much either, since it dug into her liquid-filled bladder. She stifled a grimace as she pressed her thighs together, determined to not disturb Lizzie too much. Fortunately, the crotch of her leggings was pushed up against her own crotch, applying much-needed pressure to Michelle's exit as her growing need took up increasingly much of her attention. She grabbed at herself, her left hand pushing more on her crotch while her right hand was occupied trying to take some notes on her iPad. The distraction of her bladder proved to take up most of her mental capacity, though, and her scribbles looked more or less unintelligible.

Unbeknownst to Michelle, Lizzie was feeling a similar way, though she would never admit it. Almost a litre of water was making her way through her body from earlier in the day, and she had been sipping on her refilled water bottle out of reflex throughout the class. She could feel her bladder pulsing under her shorts. Unlike Michelle, Lizzie would never do something like hold her crotch with her hand, trying to not reveal her growing need to everyone around her lest it make her the subject of gossip. Instead, she opted to simply loosen her belt a bit, hoping that would slightly relieve the pressure on her bladder while she tried to transcribe what the professor said. The pee definitely was having an effect on her as well, and she started to fidget a little bit towards the last five minutes of the lecture.

During these last few minutes, Michelle was seriously starting to feel something in her bladder. She put the iPad away, knowing that she needed to get out of the auditorium as quickly as was possible. As the professor was wrapping up the lecture, a sudden wave of desperation hit her. A spurt of pee dripped out of her urethra, soaking her beige cotton panties and even leaving a small spot on her black leggings. Fortunately, said spot was more or less invisible to anyone who wasn't looking closely, since the fabric was quite dark already. Shit!, Michelle thought to herself. I've got to get to the bathroom fast! Unfortunately for her, she had contend not only with the walk to the bathroom, but the fact that Lizzie hadn't packed up at all. The next couple minutes were excruciating, as she watched Lizzie put notebooks and pens away into her bag.

The pair then walked to their next class -- a history seminar, where the classroom was only a short walk down the hallway. As much as her bladder hurt, Michelle followed Lizzie to the next class first, where they set down their bags and took their seats. Since very few people were in the room, Lizzie took the opportunity to hold her bladder a bit more conspicuously, shaking her legs up and down in an effort to relieve the pressure that had been building up over the last hour. This motion did not go unnoticed by Michelle, who was glad to find out that Lizzie also seemed to need a bathroom, giving her an opportunity to maybe get some relief.

"Hey, I'm going to go to the bathroom if that's okay", Michelle announced.

"Can you wait for me? I need to go too", Lizzie replied. She was unpacking her notebook and pencil case from her bag. She was glad to have the opportunity to go to the bathroom with a friend, rather than risk having people in the hallways see her make a desperate dash to the toilets all alone.

"Sure, but it's kind of urgent..." Michelle's voice trailed off as another wave of desperation hit her. Why can't Lizzie just hurry up?! she thought, as her bladder contracted again and a few more drops of pee made their way into her panties. She rapidly contracted her sphincter, letting out an audible gasp at the fact that she had once again leaked.

"Okay, let's go!" Michelle's focus was broken by Lizzie's cheerful affirmation, and the pair set out down the hallway to the bathroom by the stairwell. When they got there, they saw a very unfortunate sight: blue tape was covering the doors.

"Shit, I forgot they were doing renovations here. Guess we'll need to go to the bathrooms downstairs," Michelle exclaimed disappointedly. She almost bolted into the stairwell as her desperation once again reached another peak, her bladder threatening to let its contents loose at any moment. Lizzie had no choice but to follow, but trying to follow up Michelle's sudden motion also caused her to leak a little bit into her light purple panties, creating a bit of a dark spot as she started to run down the stairs. Fortunately for her, none of the pee escaped its cotton barrier, though she knew that it meant she didn't have long to get to a toilet before the worst happened.

Michelle and Lizzie rushed down the stairs, quickly pushing their way into the second floor women's room. When they entered, they saw three stalls, two of which were locked with girls already inside. One of them sounded like she had just started peeing, and the other one had a pair of leggings and some panties on the ground. She must be changing, Lizzie thought. Michelle didn't even allow herself this time to think, as she rushed into the last open stall and slammed the door shut. She didn't even bother locking the door, as she wanted her release as soon as possible.

"Michelle, I really have to go!", Lizzie yelled, not caring anymore about who heard her. Her bladder was starting to spasm again, as a one-second spurt came out, darkening her white jean shorts and causing a few drops of pee to roll down her inner thighs. She dug both her hands into her crotch again, trying to hold on for as long as possible. This can't be happening, Lizzie thought to herself. I'm so close, I can't just fail now!

"Sorry!", Michelle replied, knowing that she was just as desperate to use the toilet, if not more so. As she scrambled into the stall, she yanked her leggings down, not caring that they were getting slightly stuck on her lower thighs. She sat on the toilet, trying desperately to pull her panties down as her urethra gave way and her stream started, shotgunning slightly golden pee in various directions away from her opening. She managed to pull her panties off, pushing them into the crotch of her leggings, but this motion also forced her to lean forward, causing her stream to point outward. Urine arced through the air, droplets landing all over Michelle's black spandex, as she let out a satisfied sigh knowing that she had made it to the bathroom -- while not really caring where her pee went.

It was the splash of pee against tile that brought Michelle out of her reverie, realizing that whatever she was letting out was not actually going into the toilet, but instead all over the floor, the toilet seat, and her own leggings. She tried to stop her stream in vain, while she also adjusted her position to get the remainder of her pee into the toilet. The damage was done, however, as the upper part of her leggings were quite damp and the bottom of her panties were also soaked with her clear fluid. She peed for another solid half minute as the beverages she had drank earlier in the day made their way out of her, enjoying the feeling of relief as her bladder was finally allowed to relax.

Outside the stall, Lizzie was fighting her own battle. Her bladder was getting ever closer to giving way, as another spurt shot out of her crotch into her shorts. She kept trying to hang on in what looked to be a losing battle, while noticing the noises being made by everyone in the stalls. The girl in the rightmost stall was still sitting there and had let loose a fart earlier. She must be pooping, Lizzie thought. The middle stall girl was still changing, and didn't seem like she would be done for a while. That left the leftmost stall. Michelle's stall.

Lizzie heard the constant splatter of pee against the tile stop, and thought for a moment that it meant Michelle was finally done with her pee. Of course, this was nowhere close to the truth, as Michelle's stream restarted, forcing Lizzie to listen to the torturous hiss of pee against porcelain knowing that the end of Michelle's stream was the only hope for her own to not go into her clothes. Lizzie doubled over and started pee dancing, while the contents of her bladder crept ever closer to her exit.

"Michelle! Hurry up!" she yelled, hoping that it would get Michelle to wipe herself faster and leave. Michelle rapidly pulled toilet paper and wiped off her vulva, but then noticed the state of her leggings and panties.

"It's going to be a minute!" Michelle replied.

"I can't wait that long!"

"You're going to have to hold it!"

"Please, let me in! I really need to go!"

Michelle, realizing that she had forgotten to lock the stall door, understood that she was in no position to block her best friend's relief whether she wanted to or not. She hurriedly pulled up her leggings and panties, though not all the way so as to not feel the cold wetness against her crotch. As she opened the door and tried to slip out of the stall, Lizzie came crashing in. She had managed to undo her button and belt during the prior exchange, and was totally ready to get her relief when disaster struck. Lizzie's Converse shoe slipped on a bit of the pee Michelle had left behind. As she lost her footing temporarily, she panicked, trying to put herself in a position where she wouldn't fall into the bathroom floor. "Ah!", she involuntarily yelped as she tried to find somewhere else to step that would keep her standing.

Lizzie, in this chaos, had only one thing on her mind -- to find a place to pee. Once she had slipped, her mind entirely turned to not falling into her friend's puddle, and forgot about her hold. That was all of the prompting her bladder needed to start sending its contents out of her vulva and into the world, which happened to be her purple panties and white jean shorts. Lizzie stood there, frozen, as she barely managed to regain control of her bladder. Tragically for her, the pee had now descended to a point where any motion would cause its release. Being 4 feet away from the toilet, Lizzie did the one action that would seal her fate. She took a step forward.

@@"It's coming out!" Lizzie shrieked as she stepped forward, her legs now slightly apart. The loss of pressure on her exit caused hot clear pee to start cascading out of her and onto the floor, where it mixed with Michelle's golden drops to form a growing puddle that spread both to the bathroom wall and into the adjacent stall, where it got onto the clothes of the girl changing. Lizzie could not have cared less about this, as she was frozen by the fact that she was having an accident in the middle of the day at age 20. Out of reflex, she covered her crotch with her hands, which only had the effect of catching some of the pee and spreading it onto even more of her jean shorts as she soaked herself. By the time her stream finished, there was a large wet spot over her round butt, and some of this pee had even managed to get onto the back of her hoodie. Her crotch area was also completely soaked. She turned around to leave the stall to see Michelle, who was staring aghast at the fact that her best friend had completely lost control of her pee and had a massive accident in front of her.

Michelle still hadn't fully covered up her butt, having not pulled up her leggings yet. She tried in vain to clean herself off with some paper towels, while Lizzie grabbed some toilet paper, knowing full well that there would be no way to soak up all that she had released into her clothes.

"So, what do we do now?" Michelle asked.

"Well, we still have history seminar, and attendance is required there," Lizzie replied dejectedly. The two of them walked to their class and returned to their dorm afterward, knowing that everyone would soon find out about the massive accident that Lizzie had in the second-story girls' bathroom.

Note: this was my first time trying to write fiction! I appreciate any feedback 🙂

