Sagiri's Research

Author: pjake

*000*2017-06-05 02:05

I've been watching Eromanga sensei recently, and there are certain elements of that show that really jumped out at me as omo opportunities. Sadly, the author hasn't showed much interest in Omo, even though his works are generally pretty Ecchi, so I figured I'd share one of my fantasies with you guys instead. I have a few other scenarios in my head for this series, so I may add a few more chapters later. For those of you who don't know the show, I'll warn here that Sagiri is middle school aged, and though not actually related to the main character in any way, there are incest connotations.

"Perverted Onii-chan." The silver-haired artist grumbles to herself, after she pours over the latest chapter in Masamune's manuscript- specifically, the scene she's supposed to be illustrating. Of course, he doesn't know that she can only draw things she experiences herself at this point, so it's not exactly his fault, but even so, Sagiri can't help but blush and scowl at the request.

"Stupid Onii-chan." she grumbles again. The scene in question depicts one of the more popular Heroines in his Silverwolf series, she's been captured by the enemy and is currently held in a cell. The rest of the party are on their way to save her, but she has a more pressing issue- She was captured during the night, when she left the camp site to attend nature's call. It's been nearly 6 hours since then, and she's getting close to her limit.

The girl in question is... something of a parallel of Sagiri herself- another reason why she's pouting furiously as she reads about the girl's predicament. A shy, cute, younger-sister-type who, despite loving the main character, is overlooked as 'family' despite having no blood relation. Nevertheless, Sagiri's perverted side is a little curious. She's been desperate a few times since she locked herself in her room- refusing to leave to use the bathroom while Masamune is in the house and awake will do that. But it's the ending of the scene that has her red from ear to ear- the girl finally reaches her limit just before the main group arrive, and they find her crying in her own- own...

"Puddle." Sagiri says, reading the line for the tenth time. She gulps hard, her imagination running wild as she thinks about it, flip-flopping between ashamed indignation and perverse curiosity at what she's about to do. A few hours earlier, when Masamune delivered her lunch, she left him a note on the return tray, asking for a 2 liter bottle of iced kocha. She glances at the bottle now- about two thirds empty, but with droplets of condensation rolling down the side of the bottle, which acutely reminds her of just how much liquid is sloshing around in her bladder right now. Se shivers a little, squeezing her legs together and standing back up again, pacing back and forth again.

Sagiri hadn't been to the bathroom since around 5AM that morning- she always made sure to go before Masamune's alarm woke him up. And it was now almost seven in the afternoon. It was a Sunday, so of course he'd been in the house all day anyway. Normally Sagiri would be careful about how much she drank on days like this, and on occasion she'd even been forced to 'recycle' a bottle but she'd never actually had an accident. And of course, she wants her drawings to be as realistic as possible, so she's determined to... have an accident.

She'd dressed herself up in a cosplay outfit of the character she was supposed to be drawing, for maximum authenticity- it's a risqué outfit, with a tiny skirt and a midrif-baring split blouse that Sagiri would rather jump off a bridge than be seen wearing in public. She looks at herself once more in the mirror, and swears she can feel the sweat boiling off her brow her face is so red. She buries her head in her hands and squeezes her legs together again, spending a few moments bobbing up and down in place as her bladder sends yet more urgent signals that it is very close to overflowing. However, something catches her eyes, and she looks back at the mirror, gasping at what she sees.

She turns to her side a little, to observe her normally very flat tummy. There's a noticeable bulge, just above her pelvis. She touches the smooth, pale skin ever so gently, feeling how hard and full her bladder is, but then winces at the sudden twinge of pain and urgency in her nethers the slight touch brings. Her hand darts between her legs, and she squeezes as hard as she can, bending her knees and almost doubling over. The twinge lasts for a few moments, and she feels a hot sensation inching its way towards her trembling girlhood- then a sudden wetness between her legs. The urgency subsides, but when she lifts her skirt to look at the damage with tearful eyes, she sees a long, narrow wet patch on her stripy panties- that stretches from the gusset almost to the frilly bow at the waistband.

The shape of the wet patch catches her by surprise, but she realizes it must be because of her position when she leaked. Blinking away tears of embarrassment, she pushes a hand against her-now soaked- girlhood again and grabs her phone. She gingerly moves her hand away, curtseying and bobbing in place as she holds back with willpower alone, to snap a photo for reference. As soon as it's done, she tosses her phone down and shoves both hands back between her legs- another wave overcoming her. This time, it's not a slow leak- she feels the hot liquid saturate her panties and soak her hands almost before she realizes what's happening, the sensation accompanied by a soft hissing. She falls onto her knees, and wiggles her heel under herself, pushing down on it to stop the flow.

It felt like she was peeing forever, even though only a few moments had passed, but when she finally feels like she is back in control, she opens her eyes again and looks down. Her panties are completely saturated, both the front of the skirt where it's pressed between her legs, and the back where it hangs beneath her have wet patches. There's another wet patch, about the size of a grapefruit, on the floor beneath her. She takes a few short, tearful breaths, and then releases one hand's grip on her crotch to stretch out and reach for a towel she had pilfered earlier for this reason. Before she's even reached it, she whimpers and shivers, screwing her eyes shut as another wave of pressure looms.

She tenses up with all her might, trying desperately to stop this newest leak- the sudden hiss dies down to a dribble, but she can't seem to stop the flow completely and it hurts. She gasps, as a few more sudden squirts escape, rivulets forming on her upper thighs, and flowing down to soak her socks underneath. She finally shoves the towel underneath herself, still trying to halt the flow, but her long tired girlhood can't fight any more. With a half-sob, half-sigh her fading hold dissapears completely and the soft hissing grows louder.

As the tension drains from her legs, her feet splay out underneath her soaked backside, and her curled toes relax. Her pee- almost clear, from how much she'd drank that evening, is pouring out of her so quickly it actually causes her panties to swell out slightly. It flows in rivulets down her thighs, some of it falling off in torrents onto the towel underneath her, some of it clinging to her skin until it reaches her knees on the carpet, and soaking in there.

The swell in her naval gradually deflates, as hours and hours of pent up pee pours out of her. It goes on for almost a full minute at that pace, before it finally subsides to a gentle trickle for another thirty seconds. She sniffles, and wipes her eyes with the back of her arm, before finally reaching for her phone. First of all, she takes a selfie from above- the perspective she's going to be drawing. She thinks about it for a moment, and then leans forwards, resting on knees and one elbow, so she can take another snap at the back of her panties.

"Stupid, Pervert, Omo-freak Onii-chan." She sniffles, one last time as she looks at herself in the mirror. But despite her teary eyes, she can't help a faint, perverse smile.

