Desperation leads to fucking a hot family friend!

Author: Pally4

*000*2025-11-10 22:13

Emily Graham was an old family friend from the city, visiting us in our small town about 90 minutes away. A beautiful blonde woman in her mid-thirties, she met my mother (Elizabeth) in university years ago. She was just arriving that morning after a long drive from the city.

Miss Graham was due any minute. My mother had just gotten off the phone with her to tell her the code to get past our electronic gate, and once my mother had hung up, she'd made the remark to me, "She said she just rode all the way here from the city and can't wait to finally see us."

We heard the cab pull up outside and the door slam shut as Miss Graham stepped forth from it and approached the house. She knocked sharply on our front door three times before my mother opened it and Miss Graham rushed quickly in. She was attempting to take off her long coat before my mother hugged her tightly for several seconds. She smiled as she saw me, but through her smile I couldn't help but notice a strained look on her face as well as an equally strained curtsy of her legs. She'd just been cooped up in a car for ninety minutes after consuming a thermos full of coffee. I couldn't help but wonder, did Miss Graham need to pee?

She pulled off her coat and hung it on the rack, then moved to embrace me as well. But beneath her polite gestures, I noticed something strange: Her legs subtly shifting stance beneath her skirt, weight transferring from one foot to the other in a barely perceptible dance. Her hands tightened minutely against my shoulders before she pulled back. The air carried a faint scent of expensive perfume mixed with something else—a sharp tang of urgency? Around her neck, the silver chain of her necklace glinted as she swiveled her hips slightly while turning toward my mother. Her feet did not stay planted.

My mother ushered her toward the living room, launching into animated chatter about Emily’s drive, oblivious. Emily’s smile remained steadfastly in place, lips pressed into a thin line. But her eyes kept flicking down the hallway toward the half-closed bathroom door. The knuckles of her left hand whitened around the strap of her handbag. One foot tapped twice against the hardwood floor, stopping abruptly as my mother glanced her way. Emily’s voice remained perfectly modulated as she complimented the decor, yet her words seemed strained, clipped. The pleasantries faltered; she politely cut my mother off mid-sentence. “Elizabeth,” she interjected softly, her voice tight and high-pitched. “Forgive me—would you mind terribly if I used your facilities?”

Her request hung in the air, polite but urgent. Before my mother could fully nod assent, Emily was already pivoting toward the hallway. Her stride was quick and purposeful, yet unnaturally stiff from the waist down—her knees stayed locked together with every step. Her heels clicked sharply, a rapid staccato against the floorboards, betraying her desperate urgency.

My mother chuckled softly, murmuring about the perils of highway coffee, but Emily was already vanishing around the corner, her retreating form practically vibrating with pent-up need.

The bathroom door clicked shut with a decisive finality. I heard the frantic rustle of fabric – the crisp slide of her skirt zipper hastily pulled down – followed instantly by a loud, forceful hissing torrent hitting the porcelain waterline below. It was shockingly intense, almost violent in its suddenness and volume, a tidal wave released after being held back far too long. A soft groan escaped her, part ecstasy, part utter exhaustion from the sheer willpower it must have taken to hold all of this within her. For several long moments, that powerful, unrelenting stream roared in the quiet house, a stark testament to just how full her bladder had been.

My mother raised her eyebrows at me, a silent acknowledgment of Emily's incredible capacity. We couldn’t help listening; the sheer volume of her relief was overwhelming. Inside the bathroom, the porcelain amplified every drop, echoing loudly in the stillness of our hallway. We heard her shift position slightly—a rustle of fabric, perhaps knees bending to lean closer—as the stream softened further, settling into intermittent trickles punctuated by deep breaths.

Minutes later, the flush roared through the pipes. Emily emerged slowly, her face flushed pink but radiant, transformed. Her walk was now smooth and unhurried, her posture relaxed. She stopped midway, leaning against the hallway wall. "Oh, heavens," she breathed out, eyes closed briefly as if savoring newfound lightness. "That thermos betrayed me terribly." A genuine, slightly embarrassed chuckle escaped her.

"That," my mother finally said, gesturing toward the now-quiet bathroom door with a grin that bordered on amused awe, "was incredibly impressive."

I echoed the sentiment, unable to suppress my own smile directed at Miss Graham. "Seriously impressive," I added, nodding slowly. The sheer auditory force of her relief still echoed in my ears, a visceral reminder of her desperate struggle moments before. "Ninety minutes holding... *that*? After a thermos?" My words weren't meant to embarrass, but pure astonishment leaked through. Beneath my mother’s amused expression, I saw the same calculation – the sheer volume implied a painful, almost unbelievable capacity endured silently during her entire journey and our awkward greeting at the door.

Miss Graham’s flushed cheeks deepened, but her embarrassment seemed mingled with profound relief. She smoothed her skirt, fingers trembling slightly despite the liberated ease in her stance. "More impressive than intended, I assure you," she confessed, her voice finally losing its earlier strained pitch. "That drive felt interminable."

My mother guided her toward the plush sofa, patting the cushion beside her. "Sit, dear. Let me get you water—not coffee!" They shared a rueful laugh as Emily sank into the cushions with an audible sigh, her legs stretching out freely. Her silk stockings whispered against the upholstery, starkly different from the tense friction of her arrival. With elbows resting on her knees, she leaned forward, catching my eye. "You know, I almost begged the cabbie to pull over on some rural backroad." The confession hung between us, vivid and startling.

"That would've been a sight to see," I murmured before I could stop myself, instantly regretting my words.

My mother shot me a sharp glance—confused, questioning—while Miss Graham’s gaze fixed on me with unnerving stillness. Her blue eyes widened fractionally, then narrowed just enough to suggest she hadn’t misheard.

I searched for words, tripping over apologies that died unspoken. "Miss Graham, I—" My mouth was dry cotton. The roaring torrent echoing from behind that closed bathroom door wasn't just sound anymore; it was a physical sensation replaying in my own pulse, a forbidden thrill coiling low in my belly. Her strained curtsy, the frantic tapping foot, the desperate grip on her coat – each recalled detail now felt vividly, violently erotic.

She didn’t look away. A slow, knowing warmth bloomed across her high cheekbones, replacing the flush of relief with something distinctly different. Her lips curved, not quite a smile, more a delicate acknowledgment. "A sight indeed," she murmured, her voice softer now, velvet beneath polished steel. Her gaze lingered on me, stripping away my clumsy attempt at humor to lay bare the raw fascination beneath. She shifted slightly on the sofa, one hand smoothing her skirt again, a movement almost unconscious yet impossibly deliberate. I saw it: the faintest awareness that her suffering, her release, hadn't gone unnoticed—and fluttered something dormant within her.

"My heroics weren't meant for roadside spectators, John," she continued, her tone light, playful even, yet charged with an electric undercurrent. A strand of pale gold hair escaped its careful twist near her temple. She didn’t brush it away. "Though," she added, tilting her head just so, "I suspect my cabbie might have preferred a ditch stopwatch to my frantic map-reading." Her chuckle was low, intimate.

I leaned closer, drawn in by her conspiratorial gaze. "Valiantly distracting yourself?" I asked, voice dropping despite myself. Her knee, clad in silk, brushed against mine beneath the coffee table—accidental, maybe. Neither of us moved it away.

"Emily," my mother whispered hoarsely, shifting again. Her restless fingers tightened in the folds of her skirt. I saw the pulse flutter fast at her throat.

Emily withdrew her knee. She leaned back into the sofa cushions, radiating a feline calm that only heightened the tension. Her eyes, still locked with mine, held a silent challenge: *Watch this.* Then she turned that dazzling blue gaze fully onto my mother. "Elizabeth," Emily murmured, her voice honeyed velvet layered over steel. "Forgive me. The drive left me… unsettled. John's kindness grounded me." She tilted her head, exposing the smooth column of her throat where her pulse visibly quickened.

My mother swallowed hard. Her eyes darted between Emily’s knowing stare and her own hands twisting in her lap. A bead of sweat traced a path near her temple. The air thickened, heavy with perfume, desperation, and the unspoken electric current Emily had ignited. "Well..." my mother stammered, her voice rough. She cleared her throat. "Well, don’t let me stop you." Her gaze landed on me, sharp and oddly hungry. "We're all adults here." The implication slammed into my chest: *Get on with it.* Her eyes lingered momentarily on Emily’s crossed legs, then snapped back to mine, radiating a permission that felt terrifyingly explicit. Her own legs subtly pressed together tighter.

Emily absorbed this with unnerving stillness. Her smile deepened — a slow, predatory curl that lifted the corners of her lips without reaching her ice-blue eyes. She understood perfectly: Elizabeth wasn’t just allowing intimacy; she was demanding it. Watching. Needing it for herself. A sharp intake of Emily’s breath was the only crack in her composure, a flicker of raw acknowledgment before she crafted her mask tighter still. Without shifting her gaze from my mother’s flushed face, Emily’s fingers drifted, feather-light, to rest atop mine on the sofa cushion. Her skin was startlingly warm. "Elizabeth’s quite right, John."

My hesitation evaporated beneath the heat radiating from Emily’s touch and the stark permission blazing in my mother’s eyes. I moved swiftly, decisively, before reason could claw its way back. One hand smoothed firmly up Emily’s thigh, pushing her skirt higher with each inch gained, the fabric bunching softly around my wrist. Soft silk stockings, then the yielding warmth of bare skin above. Her breath hitched sharply, a gasp echoing my mother’s low moan from across the room. My fingers traced the lace edge of her panties—flimsy satin, already damp—before slipping beneath, finding slick heat and the tight furl of her core. She was incredibly wet, trembling as my touch deepened. I captured her mouth with mine, silencing her cry into a muffured groan. Her lips parted instantly, yielding hotly beneath my kiss. Her hips arched into my hand, a silent, desperate plea for friction.

Our tongues tangled fiercely, tasting coffee and urgency and the salt-sweetness of her sweat. Her body arched against me, every curve straining into my touch. Against my palm, she pulsed wildly, clenching tight around my probing fingers as I stroked her deeper. The scent of her arousal bloomed thick and heavy, mingling with her perfume and the faint smell of her earlier relief still clinging to the air. Across the low coffee table, my mother’s gaze burned into us. Her breath came in shallow, ragged pants. Her eyes were wide, glazed, fixed unblinkingly on where my hand moved urgently beneath Emily’s bunched skirt.

My free hand fumbled at my belt, fingers clumsy with haste. I glanced sideways—only for an instant—toward the sofa where my mother sat rigidly upright. Her own hand was buried beneath the hem of her dress, hidden by its folds, but the frantic, desperate rhythm of her arm was unmistakable. Her knuckles strained white against the fabric. Her lips were parted, slick and trembling, sheened with an unnatural wetness. As my belt buckle clinked open, her eyes snapped to mine. She didn’t speak. Didn’t blink. Just gave a single, sharp, almost imperceptible nod. Permission. Demand. Hunger. Her nostrils flared, inhaling the humid scent of our friction, and a low, guttural sound vibrated deep in her chest.

Miss Graham gasped, her fingers digging into my shoulders as I freed myself and pressed against her soaked satin. Her legs parted wider, welcoming, urgent. “Hurry,” she whispered against my lips, her breath hot and ragged. “Now!” There was no preamble, no gentle easing—just my frantic thrust, deep and hard into her slick, clutching heat.

Across the room, my mother watched. Her eyes were dark, dilated pools, fixed unblinkingly on the frantic union happening mere feet away. Her own hand moved relentlessly beneath her skirt—fierce, rhythmic strokes beneath the fabric. I caught a glimpse of her knuckles straining white against the material, the frantic lift and fall of her breasts beneath her blouse with each breath.

Emily arched beneath me with a cry, nails biting into my shoulders, her body clenching tight around mine in rhythmic pulses. My own release surged violently, blindingly intense, as I buried myself deep inside her wet heat. At that precise moment, a raw, guttural cry tore from my mother's throat It echoed ours, ragged and primal. Her body locked rigid against the sofa cushions, head thrown back, throat exposed, trembling like a plucked wire. Her free hand clawed at the upholstery, fabric tearing beneath desperate fingers. The scent of her completion—sharp, musky, intensely personal—suddenly flooded the room, thick and undeniable, mingling violently with Emily’s sweetness and the lingering ghost of coffee and desperation.

I glanced sideways only briefly, catching the tail end of her climax: the harsh, rapid flutter beneath her closed eyelids, the sheen of sweat gleaming along her collarbone, the frantic shudder finally subsiding into exhausted stillness. Her hand, still tangled beneath her skirt, went limp against her thigh. Elizabeth dragged in a shuddering breath, eyes fluttering open to meet mine across the dim space. Her stare held no shame, only a fierce, unabashed hunger satisfied—and simmering acknowledgment of what she’d witnessed, what she’d demanded. Her gaze flicked downwards, a silent acknowledgment of where my hips still pressed flush against Emily, then back to my face with a heavy-lidded stare that radiated pure, exhausted satisfaction.

Emily shifted beneath me, her damp skin sliding against mine. She slid her legs slowly from around my waist until her heels clicked softly on the hardwood floor. Her movements were deliberate, almost languid, yet carrying an electric charge in the thick silence. She stood smoothly, her back straightening as her hands went to her hips. She smoothed down the rumpled silk of her skirt, fingers tracing the creases meticulously. A strand of pale blonde hair stuck to her damp temple. When she met our eyes again—mine, then Elizabeth's—her expression was one of cool, amused assessment beneath the flush high on her cheeks. A slow, wry smile curved her lips, utterly incongruous with the charged air still thick with musk and salt and spent adrenaline.

"Well, I guess we start out with peeing and end up coming!" Her voice rang out crisp, startlingly loud after the muffled cries and gasps. It wasn't a whisper, but a declaration echoing slightly in the sudden stillness.

My mother choked out a breathy laugh, half-shocked, half-delighted. Her hand finally withdrew from beneath her skirt, resting limply on the sofa cushion, fingers visibly trembling. Then she chuckled, a rich, throaty sound that cut through the charged stillness. "Well then." she declared, smoothing her own skirt with deliberate swiftness.

Awkwardness descended like a suffocating blanket. Emily busied herself meticulously straightening her blouse, her flushed cheeks clashing with the cool composure she tried to project. Her fingers trembled slightly as they fumbled with a button near her collar. I fidgeted, hastily zipping my jeans, the sound loud in the silence broken only by the frantic pounding of my own heart. My skin felt hypersensitive, buzzing with the echo of Emily’s heat and the weight of my mother’s intense gaze. The air remained thick, cloying—a collision of feminine musk, sweat, and fading perfume. We avoided direct eye contact, focusing intently on the mundane task of reassembling ourselves amidst the disarray of cushions and displaced air.

"Elizabeth," Miss Graham began, her voice unnervingly steady, "I require your garden gloves. The thorny roses won’t prune themselves."

The rest of the day was rather mundane. My mother and Miss Graham went about their gardening plans in the backyard and generally just visited for several hours before she left in the evening. I still replay the memory of that hot morning in my head today.

