School trip

Author: Pee jeans

*000*2019-03-29 15:28

Hi! Yesterday I was on a school trip and while we were coming back on the evening, a girl of my class was very desperate. In the end nothing happened, she just stood on the bus holding herself and as soon as the bus stopped she ran towards the toilets. However this made me remember some other episodes which happened to me or my classmates during a school trip. I think that school trips are some of the most probable situations to see desperate or wetting scenes.

So, have you ever witnessed such scenes? I really would like to read yours stories. I'll start with an episode which happened to me some years ago, when I was 9 years old.

I was on school trip to a castle (I don't exactly remember where). The visit to the castle was planned in the morning, while in the afternoon the teacher let us play in the big gardens outside and around the castle. The only problem was that the garden had no toilets, so the teachers made us go to the toilets in the castle, just before lunch, otherwise we had to wait until coming back to school. During all the morning, I never felt a real need to pee, so I didn't go to the bathroom in the castle.

It was during the afternoon that I understood my mistake: I hadn't used the bathroom since my morning, before breakfast, and I had drank a lot during the trip. I tried to behave as if I wasn't so much desperate, but it was really hard. I was quite used to be so desperate, and I soon I realized that I probably wouldn't have managed to hold my pee during all the afternoon. I thought to ask to the teacher if I could go to the toilets, but I was too shy (actually I'm still too shy): I would have asked for the toilets only a second before peeing in my pants.

So I tried to hold on, thinking that we should have left soon to come back home. I stopped playing with the others, and I sat down on the grass crossing my legs tightly. I think that it was very clear that I really had to pee, but no-one seemd to notice it. As time passed, I got more and more desperate; I began bouncing, with my hands holding as tightly as possible my penis. But in the end my bladder gave in and a short stream of pee escaped, through my fingers, my boxers and also my pants; a wet spot appeared on my shorts. I grabbed even tighter my little dick, but there was nothing I could do; as a second spurt of pee enlarged the wet spot on my shorts, I took the tip of my little penis outside my shorts and peed.

I was on the grass, with my legs open and a stream of pee which I couldn't control anymore; in the end it slowed down and when just some drops were still coming out, I put my dick inside the shorts (anyway they were so wet that it made non difference). Fortunatly nobody had seen me, but I had such a large wet spot on my shorts that it was impossible that nobody would notice that, and by the time we were back on the bus everybody knew that I peed in my pants. Worst of all I had to pee again on the bus, and, though I managed to let out just a few drops, I completely wet myself again while walking back from school to home.

(However I'd like to highlight that the decision to bring us to the toilets only in the morning wasn't brighth, and even though I was the only one to totally wet my pants, many other childs of my class had to pee on the way back on the bus and some of them, mostly girls, had little wet spots on their pants)

*001*2019-03-29 19:36

I've noticed I've selected the wrong section; is there a way to transfer this to the right section "Wetting experiences"?

