Elevator lockdown

Author: P333ing

*000*2022-06-24 06:42

Lucas and Anna just finished attending his work party event. Anna eyes Lucas at the table, the king of popularity, the entire time, watching him down drink of all kinds while talking to various people. She can’t help but notice as he started shaking his legs up and down a little. Anna stays quiet and talks to another woman at the table, not wanting to embarrass her sweet boyfriend by asking him if he needs the restroom. After another hour she peeps under the table, slightly, to look at him. He is squeezing himself slightly, still engaged in now in important conversation with his boss, unable to get up and leave. Anna can’t help but feel herself get warm at his desperation. Little did she know, he is around 80% full.

As another hour passes, the party winds down and Lucas takes a quick look at Anna asking if she wants to go. Anna nods and the couple says goodbye as they stand up and walk toward the elevator.

”Wait, baby are you sure you don’t want to stop at a bathroom before we go?” Anna asks as her boyfriend shuffles back and forth, unable to keep still at the elevator.

”No I’m ok. The bathrooms here are dirty and Ella is home. Let’s just get home fast” he says, wanting so bad to grab himself through his pants like a child.

Finally the elevator opens and the young couple step inside. Once the doors closed, Lucas crosses his legs trying to hide that his bladder was at a now 85% capacity. Suddenly the couple felt a jolt. Lucas feels himself lose a spurt.

“Oh no no” he gasps, reluctantly grabbing himself through his business trousers. He looks at Anna who seems to be trying the now un lit buttons.

“It’s stuck” Anna said looking with worry to her struggling boyfriend. She then presses the call button. Lucas, unable to concentrate on anything other than his stretching bladder, doesn’t notice the conversation between Anna and the attendant. “Baby?”

Lucas’ head snapped up. He crosses his legs not caring of the humiliation in front of the love of his life. He is at a 90% and did not want to have an accident, especially with his work friends probably still around.

“Lucas this isn’t good for you to hold. It looks like we will be in here for about an hour or so…”

”Anna” Lucas’ breathing stops as he feels another leak. He squeezes through his pants tighter. “Anna I’m so sorry” he says shamefully.

Anna can not help but start to get aroused at the sight of her vulnerable boyfriend. She now knows how it feels being on the other end. She bites her lip slightly as she feels her panties starting to soak. “It’s ok babe. But, why don’t you just… go”

”Anna I can’t, not with people watching me and looking up to me. I need to be dry and I need the elevator dry” he rushes his words to out the focus back on his bladder.

Anna thinks for a little and gets on her knees in front of her shaking boyfriend. She slowly undoes his belt buckles and his button.

”Anna, no not now… I will pee on you” Lucas feels another spurt come out and he knows he is at his end. His 98% full bladder was not happy with him. He reaches into his now undone pants and briefs and grabs his naked tip.

“Lucas… I can drink it…” Anna says very quietly and shyly. She didn’t want her boyfriend to humiliate himself in front of his work friends. She’s never done this before but has watched it, especially after the incident in the car. She couldn’t help but imagine her boyfriend licking her wet slit clean.

“Anna what? That ridicul-“ Lucas felt the pee coming through his tip and tears of pain started to pool in his eyes. “I have to go so bad. I can’t hold it. Please Anna move”

Anna, with lust in her eyes, yanked her boyfriends pants and briefs down as he finally starts losing control at the motions.

“Oh shit oh.. ah no” Lucas panicks.

Pee sprays Anna in the face as she quickly put his tip in her mouth. His gushing pee quickly fills her mouth. She swallows the near clear, slight pungent liquid the best she can gagging slightly as Lucas places a hand on her head, steadying himself from collapsing.

“Oh my god this feels so good. Oh” his head flies back in relief. He soon feels a tap from Anna. As he looks down, he sees the pee spilling from the sides of her mouth. Feeling terrible, but so grateful, he quickly grabs his slightly hardening shaft to cut the pee stream off as his beautiful girlfriend swallows almost every ounce of his liquid. He winces as the feeling of his bladder warns him he still needs to empty more.

Anna looks up into his eyes and opens her mouth showing him she’s finished. Lucas aimed and pee shoots out of him between her lips. “Shiiittt ohh this feels amazing” he moans loudly and uncontrollably. He sees as her mouth is filled up and cut off his stream only after it starts overfilling, unable to stop in time. He moans as he still needs some more release. Anna, so turned on but starting to get full noticeably swallows slower. Lucas’ bladder still aches as his pee starts to seep through his grips.

Panicked and unable to think, he unwillingly releases onto his girlfriend in front of him. Pee started to pour unto her surprisingly absorbent dress. Luckily she was able to place her mouth back on his throbbing length and swallow with more ease, as his stream tapers off. Lucas places his right hand on the back on her head gently. Softly sighing as he finished off feeling himself quickly get hard.

Anna licks his tip dry causing her boyfriend to sigh louder in not only relief but pleasure. She pulled back from him, still on her knees. He looks down at her both horny and sympathetically. “Baby I’m so sorry.” He says while stroking her hair.

“No I wanted to help. And I… really liked it”

Lucas now at full staff and frustrated just wants her now. He picks her up and holds her against the elevator door as he slides her wet panties to the side. He wastes no time sliding inside her. Anna yelps a little, not knowing what was going to happen until it was too late.

“You are such a good girl” her desperate boyfriend praises her for taking everything. They both moan before hearing a voice from outside and the elevator jolt. Lucas quickly pulls out of his gorgeous girlfriend and sets her on her feet as he tucks himself back in his pants. He notices the slight wetness on the elevator floor and the front of his pants, but it’s nothing like it would have been if not for his personal pee savior.

The doors finally open to reveal Lucas’ boss, looking worried. They couple notices the crinkle in his nose, probably from the smell off Anna’s dress. After talking very shortly, Lucas grabs his love’s hand and runs out the door, ready to finish her off at home.

