Sorority Lemonade Stand

Author: peelove64

*000*2025-04-26 19:44

Part 1

“Bad news, girls.” Sarah, the head of the financially-challenged Gamma Gamma Pi sorority faced her sisters with a pensive frown. She had fiery red hair to match her temper, as well as her passion for her sorority. It was the newest sorority at Golden Falls University, and when competing with countless well-established organizations for funding it’s no wonder this paltry five-girl collective was floundering. It was now dawning on her that this last ditch effort to raise enough money to please the board would likely not pan out.

The other four stopped their various tasks to look at Sarah. Ally, who was chopping lemons, brushed her flowing black hair out of her eyes and set down her knife. Her white tank top accentuated her curvy form, and her skimpy bottoms left little to the imagination. Despite her provocative outfit Ally was the shy one of the group, often choosing a night of reading in her room over the weekly raucous parties the sorority threw.

Jane measured one last cup of sugar before plopping the oversized bag on the lawn with a dull thud. Little white streaks stained her tight black yoga pants, a testament to her strong work ethic. It was a quality that carried over into her academic life as well; Jane was, by far, the most promising student of the group, with a promising career ahead of her in either law or politics, or both. In fact, it was Jane’s oratory skills that convinced the Greek Life Board to grant the nascent sorority a place among the pantheon, however small.

Michelle banged her knee against the wooden concession stand as she bent down to collect the coins she dropped. Ever the klutz, Michelle nonetheless possessed a certain charm which made her a natural choice for the fundraiser’s sales girl. Of course, her eye-catchingly developed chest didn’t hurt. She was generally the one responsible for the planning of the parties Ally liked to duck. Parties that Michelle rarely ended without waking up on the lawn having shed an article of clothing or two.

Anna placed the full jug of water on the ground. The other girls would have needed a cart to lug the massive vat back and forth from the spigot to the front lawn, but Anna put the toned muscles she earned as the university’s softball star to good use. Now as during all her myriad physical activities, Anna kept her auburn hair up in a tidy bob. She was the last girl to pause her given task and join the semi-circle forming around Sarah.

Sarah steeled herself for the pessimistic outlook she was forced to burden her sisters with. “Now I know we only needed to show a slight income to prove our capabilities and retain our spot on campus, but it’s looking like as of now we’re officially in the red.”

The other girls groaned in dismay. “Isn’t there anything we can do?” Jane asked hopefully. “Maybe I could convince the board to give us another chance.”

Sarah shook her head. “We’re already running their goodwill thin. No, we either turn things around right her or we’re just going to have to admit defeat.” The group continued to brainstorm.

“We’ll have to sacrifice quality to increase our bottom line,” Anna advised. “Let’s water it down.”

Sarah shook her head. “I agree in theory but it’ll look too obvious if we just add water. We’d need to somehow retain the color.”

“Maybe some yellow food coloring?” Michelle suggested.

“Got any on hand, genius?” Sarah folded her arms. This was not going well. Her dream of leading a brand new sorority to excellence was collapsing all around her. And on such a paper thin margin too! If they could just shave off a few cents per serving they’d have a steady trickle of income. But then, something about that word, trickle, brought up a radical thought in Sarah’s head. It wasn’t an entirely serious thought. Not even worth bringing up, really. Better to maintain the role of dignified leader even as the end came rushing at them like a wave of-

“Pee!” Ally’s outburst caught the other girls by surprise. She had gone from her typical tranquil demeanor to an excited ball of glee. “Don’t you see! We have plenty of water, but it’s too clear to dilute the lemonade. So why don’t we drink the water and….”

A stunned silence followed Ally’s wild suggestion. Hardly anyone so much as moved a muscle, until all at once all five girls spoke up. A short but furious debate broke out as the girls contended with the ethics and logistics of such a plot. Would it make the difference they needed? Could they get away with it? And, finally, after much deliberation, who’s going first?

“Well Ally, it was your idea,” Sarah said, knowing full well she was a hair’s breadth away from suggesting something similar. “Would you care to do the honors?” Four sets of eyes turned to the meek girl who had conjured up this not-so-meek idea. Unable to withstand neither the weight of their stares nor the pressure in her bladder, Ally made her move.

Ally approached the half-full dispenser. The yellow liquid sent a pang shooting through her lower abdomen; her urgent need was probably what planted the idea in her head in the first place. She hooked her fingers around the rim of her yoga pants and began to lower them before freezing. She eyed her sisters as a rush of red engulfed her face. “I can’t pee with all of you watching me!” she squealed.

Living in such close quarters led to a bit of a house-wide open-door policy when it came to peeing. Early morning classes often meant one girl had to squat over the tub while another finished on the toilet, and parties became utter free for alls where a different girl perched on every apparatus with a drain attached was not a rare sight to behold. Ally, however, always preferred the sanctity of a closed bathroom while she emptied her bladder.

“Okay, prude, we’ll turn around,” Michelle replied teasingly. The small audience took their cue and afforded Ally the privacy she would need to top off the pitcher. After darting her eyes around for any stray onlookers, Ally quickly yanked her pants down and hovered over the pitcher. Her bladder was a balloon yearning to deflate, but the sheer absurdity of the situation kept the reservoir of urine from bursting out. She closed her eyes and thought about waterfalls, rivers, any flowing body of water that might help kickstart the critical process.

After an agonizing wait, a wide stream of pee shot straight down into the pitcher, mixing with the lemonade in a deafening crash. Ally sighed in relief as what felt like gallons poured out of her. She looked down between her legs and watched the honey-tinged urine rapidly raise the pitcher’s level. Suds formed on the surface and swirled hypnotically as her pounding stream created a dizzying current. The volume and intensity was par the course for Ally, who often held it in rather than risk an awkward encounter in the hallway on her way to the bathroom.

Sarah couldn’t help sneaking a peek. She eyed her friend’s big apricot of an ass sticking out demurely in the air and the pale yellow flood gushing out from below it. She was pleased to note the yellow color of the pitcher’s content stayed consistent as Ally added her fluids. This just might work! She thought excitedly to herself.

And with that flicker of hope, Sarah watched Ally’s tsunami of a stream taper off just as the liquid reached the brim. The other three turned around now that the tinkling cacophony had ended just in time to see Ally shake away the last stray drops of pee and pull her pants back up, a curious look on her face sitting somewhere between pride and shame.

The Gamma Gamma Pi lemonade fundraiser had now truly begun.

