The Janitor's Bucket

Author: ParanOmo

*000*2022-11-24 20:38

The Janitor's Bucket

Jet really hated her job as a janitor, but it was the only job that could help her pay rent. She hated her job because there were very few breaks, and the office building she worked at was huge and easy to get lost in. There were other janitors too, but very few ever interacted with Jet. Except for Drew, Drew was always helping Jet find her way in the huge building. Which turned out to be quite helpful on a certain day which happened to be yesterday.

Although Jet was always grumpy and emotionless, she had quite a few weaknesses. Especially her small bladder, which did not help her much, along with the very rare breaks. So whenever there was a ten minute break, Jet would rush to the nearest bathroom, with the help of Drew's directions, and relieve herself. However, on one day, the building's plumbing was under maintenance for a few hours, and only the employee bathrooms were still available.

"W-what? No! Ugh... my bladder can't take this any longer!" Jet squirmed, two hands between her legs, in front of the bathroom door. She fell to the floor, clutching her panties, and shuffling her legs to stop herself from leaking. She tried standing up, but squirmed even more, until she saw Drew.

"No, not Drew. He can't see me like this!" Jet attempted to take her hands off her crotch, not wanting Drew see her in a desperate state.

"Jet, what are you doing? You know the bathroom's out of o-ohhhh. Jet, follow me." Drew beckoned Jet to follow, while she danced around for a bit and regained a bit of control over her bladder. Drew went inside an elevator, and Jet followed him.

"Please don't get stuck." Jet's worried mind was adding to the pressure.

"We're almost there... just hold on, Jet." Drew could see Jet's desperation building.

The elevator stopped at the lobby, and Drew helped Jet walk out of the elevator. While Drew took the directions to a vacant toilet for Jet to use, Jet was already heading towards to Janitor's closet. She eyed a bucket, took down her pants and panties, still mostly dry, and sat on the bucket, using a janitorial cart to balance the bucket from falling. A wave of relief washed over Jet, and she couldn't help but feel so good, releasing her pee into something other than her clothes. Even after 20 seconds, Jet's stream still hadn't ended.

"haaaaaaaah...AAAAAAAAAH!" Jet's sigh of relief turned into a shriek when Drew suddenly opened the door. Thankfully, Jet's stream ended before she fell off the bucket, in shock.

"I- am so sorry, I'm just gonna close the door. Sorry." Drew immediately closed the door and waited outside for Jet. Jet took a few paper towels and cleaned up, making sure not to flip the pee bucket. She then walked out, still embarrassed about her encounter with Drew at a terrible moment. Drew was still there, unsure what to say.

"Jet, I am so so sorry, it's just that you weren't there when I reached the bathroom, and I heard noises from the closet, so I went to check and... yeah."

"Drew, it's okay, if it wasn't on purpose. Umm... t-thanks for helping me though." Jet suddenly felt cold. "Drew, can I borrow your empty bucket?"

"Uh sure, why?" Drew watched Jet walk back into the closet

"Just give me a few more seconds with the bucket" Jet told Drew from inside the closet, letting another steam loose.

