Mission Mishap

Author: PureWhiteRoses

*000*2016-07-20 21:40

Hello! This is my first fic on this site, aha...

Um, this is a little thing based on a novel I'm writing, so the characters are 100% mine. Ah, so, er...enjoy?

###

“Damn!” Alice cursed, narrowing her eyes a bit in irritation. She lowered her sword as she watched the last of the black portal fade away into nothing. It was a particularly elusive demon that she and her ‘student’ were going after, but even having that in mind, it was still frustrating when it got away.

Still, she thought with a great deal of annoyance, maybe I would have gotten him if I wasn’t so focused on how full my bladder is...

“Got away again?” Jaylin sounded as if he was running out of breath when he stopped a few feet behind the girl. He was very obviously irritated, his voice full of anger. He’d always been the short-tempered type, so that was exactly the response Alice would have expected of him. Or, actually, it was a bit of a surprise that he wasn’t yelling at the top of his lungs.

Alice pulled out a small pink device and flipped it open. It looked like a cheap clamshell cellphone, but it was something she could use to contact the world she was from. It was also a tracker, used to find the location of demons that resided in the city she was assigned to. The demon wasn’t far from where it disappeared, showing up only a few blocks over.

“Found it again,” she announced. “On our way, could we...maybe stop by your house?”

She still called it his house. She’d moved in with him, living in his closet, but the only part of the building she considered hers at all was the room she stayed in.

Jaylin didn’t seem pleased with her request. He pressed the tip of his jet-black weapon to the ground and leaned slightly on the hilt, giving her a look that asked if she was completely stupid. “We’re trying to fight a demon here. You think I want to be taking a detour?”

The fact that she wouldn’t be able to stop by the house on the way somehow made the pressure in her bladder a little worse. She shifted her weight a little, her thighs rubbing together lightly. Maybe she shouldn’t have had so much water before going out, but she couldn’t really help it—it was hot out and she didn’t want to be dehydrated.

“Besides,” he went on, “what could be so important that you of all people would want to stop in the middle of a mission?”

That was probably a very good question, since she was usually incredibly insistent on putting missions above all else. Wasn’t she going against that with her desire to stop at the boy’s house to take care of her problem, even if it would likely soon be urgent?

She hesitated before giving a response. “I drank too much water before we went out.”

“Seriously? You want to stop for a bathroom break?” He rolled his emerald eyes and let out a huff. Alice thought he was being a little dramatic, but she could understand where his irritation was coming from. “Remember that time I suggested we stop for a bathroom break towards the beginning of my training? And you said something along the lines of, You can take care of it later. We’re busy right now. You remember that, right?”

Alice hissed through grit teeth before nodding reluctantly. Of course she remembered that, but she kind of wished he didn’t. This was the first time in a long while that she had had this problem. Four years ago, when she was only ten and just beginning her training, she would often times find herself in need of a restroom when she was out observing other more trained Guardians hunt down and kill demons. She’d even had an accident or two back then, but she was fourteen now. She should be able to keep herself under control now.

“I remember.” Her voice was angry, chilled with the iciness in her tone. So what if he wasn’t going to let her stop to use the restroom? Big deal, she thought. Doing her best to ignore the pressure in her bladder, she started heading down the sidewalk of the tranquil neighborhood. Her eyes were glued to the screen of her communicator, as she trusted Jaylin to make sure there were no cars coming if she needed to cross the street.

Once they made it to the same block where the demon was, Alice really needed to relieve herself. It was starting her hurt, and she was afraid that any sudden move she made would make her leak.

The demon knew they were there. It whipped around, its eyes narrowed at the two teenagers. Alice gripped her sword with both hands, spread her feet apart, and pointed the sharp tip of the weapon toward the demon. It looked upset, as it probably should have been. It then leapt at the girl, and she swung out of reflex. She missed, and it clawed her across the face.

She grit her teeth against the pain and swung again. Her bladder protested her quick actions, and she instinctively shoved one hand between her legs. She hissed in annoyance, but her glare didn’t falter.

The demon let out a rumble of laughter and attacked again. Jaylin got between it and his friend, plunging the sword through the demon’s abdomen. He tore it upwards, causing blood to cover the ground below it.

Alice took a few steps back and her bladder went against any movement at all by this point. She dropped her sword and shoved both hands between her legs. She felt herself leak a bit, and it soaked through her skirt. She couldn’t help letting out a small whimper as she heard urine hit the pavement. It was only a few little drops, but it was still humiliating nonetheless. It hurt to try to keep the rest of it in, but her pride wouldn’t let her admit any kind of defeat.

The demon had disappeared now, taken care of and killed. Jaylin turned back around to Alice, his eyebrows knitting together as he saw the state she was in. He took a few paces towards her before she fell to her knees, her body trembling with the effort of not completely losing control.

“Hey,” Jaylin said. His voice was a bit soft and he sounded almost hesitant. “Look, I would have let you stop if I would have told me it was that bad.” He paused. “We’re in our soul forms. No one else is able to see you.”

“Yes, but...” She choked on a sob as her eyes filled with tears. “B-but you can.”

He turned around. “I’m sorry, what? I’ve gone blind. Hurry up and help me get home. I can’t see shit. Can’t hear shit, either, for some reason.”

Around her tears, Alice let out a small laugh. She relaxed her muscles and urine gushed out of her, darkening the pavement. She couldn’t help herself from letting out a soft moan, as it felt absolutely wonderful.

When she was finished, she stood up, her blue skirt soaked. Her tears had stopped at least, though her cheeks were still red. To her surprise, when Jaylin turned back around, he took her hand despite it being wet. He didn’t seem to care as he started walking.

Feeling much better about the situation, Alice walked home beside him.

