Omovember 2021: Day 7

Author: PPP

*000*2021-11-11 18:20

This one's based on an idea I had for a story a while back, but abandoned.

###

Day 7: Interrupted while going/about to go Red Sonja (Dynamite Comics)

###

Red Sonja, the She-Devil with a Sword, the most feared warrior in all of Hyrkania, was currently curled up in her tent, nursing a wicked hangover. Her tolerance for alcohol was as strong as her tolerance for pain, but her opponent from her last drinking contest had been no pushover.

I’ve won, Sonja thought groggily, but at what cost? She closed her eyes, trying to stop her head from spinning.

The cost became apparent a few hours later. To her relief, Sonja found that her headache was gone. She sat up and discovered another, less pleasant sensation: her bladder felt like it was going to burst! Sonja stood up gingerly, and gasped as she felt a few drops of pee leak out. The inner layer of cloth in her skimpy armor caught them, but she was more worried about the outer layer of chainmail. Blood and grime was hard enough to clean out of it; Sonja had no desire to see what urine would do. With her legs clenched tightly together, she staggered out of the tent.

Sonja’s campsite was surrounded by a thicket of bushes. She had chosen the location to hide from potential enemies, but it would also provide some decent cover while she relieved herself. Sonja was not particularly modest (her attire was ample proof of that), but she had no desire to be ambushed at her most vulnerable. She took a quick look around her, then squatted down behind a particularly large mulberry bush and removed the lower portion of her armor.

Sonja was about to relax her bladder and release all of her pent-up urine when the sound of a branch snapping overhead broke her concentration.

“Who disturbs me now?” Sonja growled. She looked up and found her answer: a hideous red-furred creature with spindly limbs and a whip-like tail. It peered down at Sonja with demonic yellow eyes and let out a high-pitched shriek, exposing a mouth full of razor-sharp teeth. She had no idea what exactly her unwanted visitor was, but Sonja could tell there was an unnatural force behind it. A demon of some kind? Whatever it was, she would have to deal with it before she could tend to her needs.

Swift as a diving hawk, the monster leapt towards Sonja. The red-haired warrior was still in a squatting position and unable to stand up quickly. Instead, she rolled forward and felt a rush of air as her foe sailed over her. Momentarily safe, Sonja rose and turned to face the beast, baring her teeth in a vicious snarl.

“Face me, you- ah!” Sonja’s attempt at a threat was squandered as she felt something warm and wet run down her leg. She was still bottomless, and a quick look down confirmed it: more of her urine had leaked out. Sonja had never been forced to fight while wetting herself before, and she was not eager to try. She had to finish this before the situation got out of hand.

Sonja drew her sword and took a slash at the beast. Distracted by her overfilled bladder, however, her strike went wide, missing by several feet. The monster slashed at her with razor-sharp claws, catching her in the midsection. She suppressed a hiss of pain and swung again, and once again her foe dodged. This time, however, Sonja reversed her direction mid-strike, and her sword dug into the creature’s side. It howled, then turned and ran, trailing black blood behind it. Normally, Sonja would have pursued her opponent and finished it off. This time, however, she had more pressing matters to attend to.

Sonja was barely able to lower herself back into a squat before the floodgates opened. Her bladder let go and a torrent of pee gushed out of her, splattering loudly on the ground. Sonja moaned with relief as she let out all of her pent-up urine.

“Gods, what a relief!” she cried aloud, but the sound was nearly drowned out by the hissing and splashing. In fact, Sonja was fairly certain that anyone even remotely nearby would be able to hear her. At this point, though, she was beyond caring.

As the minutes ticked by, Sonja’s thoughts turned from “It feels so good!” to “Will I ever stop pissing?” Eventually, however, her bladder was drained, and she breathed a final sigh of relief before wiping herself with a leaf from the bush. Sonja looked down at the golden pool she had produced.

It looks like something a horse left, she thought. I’ll never drink that much again! She hesitated. Well, not for a few days, at least.

###

Next up: Scared/surprised into wetting

