Omovember 2020: Day 3

Author: PPP

*000*2020-11-03 20:52

$$

Told you this one would be longer. Also note that this contains minor spoilers for one of the endings of The Witcher III.

###

Day 3: Relieving themselves in the woods Ciri (The Witcher)

###

Cow for sale! 50 crowns! Cheap!

Plow needed! See Rogget for more details.

For a good time, see Salma!

Cirilla Riannon looked over the notices on the board and sighed.

Not a thing worthwhile here, she thought grimly. Just the same old rubbish.

Shaking her head, the white-haired woman headed into the nearby tavern. She needed a drink, both to sate her thirst and to deal with the disappointment. It had been weeks since she’d had a good contract. Ciri was a Witcher by trade, a supernaturally enhanced hunter of all sorts of monsters. Business wasn’t always steady, but it had been particularly slow lately. Ciri paid for her ale and took a seat.

As she drank, Ciri listened to the din of conversations around her. Several young women were gossiping about a local prince. A drunk was accusing someone of cheating at Gwent. A man was speaking in hushed tones, regaling his friends with a story of how he was attacked by-

Wait. Ciri turned towards the speaker. He was leaning on a cane and covered in bandages that did not entirely obscure several deep scars.

“Out of nowhere it came,” the man was saying, “screaming like a ploughin’ demon. Knocked me clean off my horse, it did, and sunk its talons into me. I was sure I was done for.” He paused dramatically.

“What happened then?” someone asked.

“Damned if I know,” said the man. “My guess is that it decided my horse would make a better meal. I legged it out of there fast as I could. I’ll not travel that road again, long as I live.”

“Ah, you’re full of shite,” another man scoffed. “You got drunk and fell in a bramble bush, more likely.”

“I highly doubt that,” said Ciri, striding towards the group.

“Who’re you?” asked the bandaged man.

“Name’s Ciri.” She flashed them her medallion. “I’m a Witcher. I should be able to help with your problem.”

“You believe me then?” asked the man, relieved.

“Well,” said Ciri, “no bramble bush I know could give you scars like that.”

“Got that straight,” the man agreed. “You’ll help me then?”

“For a price,” said Ciri. “How does 300 Crowns sound?”

“Aye,” said the man. “Just promise me you’ll kill this beast.”

“I’d be a lousy Witcher if I didn’t. Can you tell me where you were attacked?”

The man nodded. “It was on the road to Oxenfurt, a little ways east of here, where it goes through the woods.”

Ciri thanked the man, finished her ale and set off after her new target.

‘A little ways’ was a poor choice of words, Ciri thought as she made her way down the road. She had been following the trail for over half an hour, and there was still no sign of the woods. The sun beat down on her, making her sweat. Ciri took a long swig of water, wiped her brow, and continued on her way. At long last, the forest came into view. She took a look around, and a large pool of blood on the road caught her eye.

“This must be the site of the attack,” she said to herself, examining the scene. A faint trail of blood and flattened grass led deeper into the woods. “Looks like whatever killed the horse dragged it off to eat in peace. Better follow it.”

The trail came to an unpleasant end: what was left of the horse lay in an empty clearing, crows picking at it. Ciri shooed them away and took a look at the corpse.

“Claw marks all over,” she muttered. “Big ones, just like the man had. And there’s that smell in the air.” Ciri spotted some tracks on the ground that confirmed her suspicions. “A fiend did this. A big one. Probably still nearby” She frowned. Fiends were vicious horned beasts with primordial powers. They did not tend to die easily.

I’d best prepare for this one, Ciri thought. She gulped down a strength-enhancing potion and followed the tracks.

The tracks went on for longer than she expected, and Ciri began to feel all the liquids she had consumed making their way through her. She was surprised by how quickly they had filled up her bladder, which felt like a brimming cauldron inside her.

I doubt I’ll make it back to the tavern in time, thought Ciri. Damn. It looks like I’ll be relieving myself outdoors again. Given her adventurous lifestyle, Ciri was no stranger to answering nature’s call while in nature. Her leather trousers made it a lot easier than if she had been wearing a dress. Still, it was somewhat irritating to do on a regular basis, and Ciri had wished more than once that she could just whip it out and water a tree like a man.

I guess that’s one talent that can’t be taught, she lamented. Ah, never mind. I’ll take care of this as soon as I take care of-

A loud howl interrupted her, and Ciri felt a few drops of urine leak out in surprise. Her enhanced senses barely gave her time to dodge the massive shape that charged at her.

“Hm. I was wondering when you would show up,” Ciri muttered. “Come on!”

Ciri drew her silver sword and took an experimental slash at the fiend. It swung its massive claws at her, but she easily sidestepped the attack and followed up with another strike. The beast leapt back, then charged at Ciri, hoping to gore her on its antlers. The Witcher rolled out of the way, causing the contents of her bladder to slosh uncomfortably. A sharp pang warned her that it was reaching its limit.

Damn it all, thought Ciri. I have to finish this quickly or I’ll wet my trousers!

She tossed a bomb at the fiend, which exploded in a cloud of poison. The fiend choked and retched, and Ciri seized her opportunity. She dashed behind the monster and sunk her sword into its vulnerable back. The fiend howled with rage, but Ciri just drove the sword in deeper. There were a few brief struggles, then the fiend collapsed dead.

Ciri would have to take a trophy from her kill and present it for her reward. However, that was currently the furthest thing from her mind.

I can’t hold it in any longer! Ciri fumbled to undo her belt, then pulled down her trousers and squatted in one smooth motion. She wasn’t even fully crouched before the urine started flowing. It sprayed out in a barely controlled stream, nearly hitting the inside of her thighs. Ciri breathed a sigh of relief as her bladder continued to drain.

“Mmm, that feels so much better,” she said to herself. She sat back on her haunches, closed her eyes, and listened to the splashing sound of her pee striking the soil. When the sound eventually died down, Ciri gave her rump a shake to dry off, then stood and pulled up her trousers. Seeing the size of the puddle she had made, she couldn’t help but laugh a little.

“Was I really holding that much in me? It’s a wonder I made it!”

Ciri took out her sword and sliced off one of the fiend’s antlers. Strapping it to her back, she started back towards the road.

I wonder what I’ll do with that reward money, Ciri thought. Maybe rent a room at an inn for the night. What I wouldn’t give for a decent bed. She looked back at the massive pool of urine she had left behind.

And a decent chamber pot, she mentally added.

###

