Forbidden Desire

Author: PandaSong

*016*2022-11-17 09:42

So between writing and life, things just got away from me…

On a more positive note, one of my best friends just found out they’re into omo, and wanted to do some exploring. My partner (bless her soul) isn’t into it herself, so she said she doesn’t mind us messing with desperation. I don’t know what I did to deserve those two, but I feel like the luckiest man alive.

###

Chapter Seven

Arlo

Arlo ignored his heroline. It had been going off at random times for the past few days. Chloe had agreed to cover for him, but there was only so long he could be out of action before the mayor demanded to see him.

Another call. This time on his phone. Groaning, Arlo reached for the phone. It was Chloe.

“Didn’t I tell you to just message?” Arlo murmured, pulling his blanket back over his head.

“I’ll be there in five, and I’m bringing ice cream and a shitty movie.” Chloe ignored Arlo. “Deal with it.”

“Chloe, I’ll be-” Arlo paused as he realised the line was dead. “Damnit Chlo’.” Grumbling, he turned over, depositing the phone back onto his dresser. He really didn’t want to deal with this right now. Soon enough, he could hear knocking on his front door.

Maybe if I ignore her, she’ll go away. Arlo hoped. Minutes later, he seemed to get his wish. Maybe now I can- Shit, the window! Arlo leapt out of bed to close his window, but it was already too late. Chloe leapt easily from his tree to his room.

“Great, you’re up.” Chloe grinned. “It’s already Saturday, and I’m not about to miss the party tomorrow, so we’ve got one day to get you out of your rut.”

“Gee thanks.” Arlo deadpanned. “I feel so loved.”

“Oh come on, ya big baby.” Chloe gripped Arlo’s shoulders, whirling him toward his bedroom door. “You know what they say: there is cool shit to do, but it can’t come to you. And who knows, dude-”

“Please stop quoting musicals at me.” Arlo grumbled.

“Not until you smile.” Chloe lead Arlo down the stairs. “You know you’re never-”

“Yeah yeah, fully dressed.” Arlo rolled his eyes. “I know. I’m fine, just been a bit sick, that’s all.”

“So who is he?” Chloe was focussing on not falling down the stairs.

“Where did this come from?” Arlo’s cheeks lit up like Rudolph’s nose.

“Girl, whatever.” Chloe shrugged. “I always just assumed you were gay.”

“Bi actu- that’s not the point.” Arlo stopped. “There’s no girl, no guy, I’m perfectly fine Chlo’.”

“You literally haven’t showered.” Chloe dragged Arlo backwards, depositing him on the sofa. “Last time you were this much of a wreck, Bobby Carmichael asked Danni Fischer to the prom.” Dropping her backpack on the coffee table, she pulled out a tub of mint chocolate chip ice cream, and a packet of plastic spoons. “Eat.” She handed him a spoon, along with the half-melted ice cream.

“Or maybe I haven’t had the energy to get out of bed because I just have the flu?” Arlo put the ice cream down.

“The flu doesn’t make you stare wistfully into the distance while we’re hanging out.” Chloe countered. “Disney or Ghibli?” Arlo pointed. “Good choice.” Chloe put the DVD in. “Cmon ‘Lo, I thought we told each other everything.” Sitting down, one arm around Arlo, and the ice cream between her legs, Chloe pressed play. She turned the volume down.

“We do.” Arlo fiddled with the spoon in his hands. “It’s just… I don’t even really know what happened.”

“Well… I haven’t seen any news about a bomb scare yet.” Chloe spooned out some ice cream. “Let’s start there.”

“Oh um, that turned out to be a false thing.” Arlo stiffened. There’s no way I’m telling her about that!

“So it was about the bomb scare!” Chloe stood. The ice cream began to tip and she caught it with a furry tail. “Oops.” She grabbed it with her hands, setting it down on the table. The tail retracted.

“You’re getting really good with your shapeshifting.” Arlo noted. Thank you god of distractions!

“Really?” Chloe grinned. “I’ve been practising a lot with- ababababab, no, this isn’t about me.” Well, it was worth a shot… “Look, ‘Lo, I know you probably wanna avoid this person forever, but that’s no way to live.” Chloe put her hand on Arlo’s shoulder. It was cold. Arlo sighed.

“It’s just…” Arlo was bending the spoon slightly in his hands. “What do you even do if someone tricks you into doing something you really didn’t want to?”

“Well…” Chloe took another mouthful of ice cream, twirling the spoon in her mouth. “I’m not sure. What do you mean ‘really don’t want to’?” Arlo squirmed, saying nothing. Chloe gave a shrug. “Honestly, unless Sunrise is giving an order, or The Human Shield is trying to haze me again, I just won’t do something I don’t feel is right. Even then, I probably won’t do it.”

“But, what if you have to do it anyway.” Arlo asked. “What if, by not doing it, your reputation will be ruined?”

“I wouldn’t put myself in a situation where my rep could be ruined.” Chloe shivered as she bit into a chocolate chip. “Honestly, Lo’, if someone manages to find dirt on something that goes against my morals, I guess my only advice would be to take a long hard look at my actions, and ask myself if I really am against what I did, or if I’m just lying to myself because that’s what I’m supposed to believe.”

For a time, the two remained silent, content with watching the movie. It was a classic, a love story between a young man and his cleaning lady.

“Do you think she’s changing ages because of love, or because she’s stopped focussing on the curse?” Chloe broke the silence. She was leaning against Arlo, chewing her spoon.

“Love, most likely.” Arlo shrugged, scooping out some ice cream. It had already been half eaten. “Isn’t that what these sorta movies push on people? Anyone can find love?”

“What, even if your love is a selfish, whiny manchild?” Chloe snorted.

“Selfish, whiny manchildren need love too.” Arlo found himself giggling.

“Do you think we’ll ever find love?” Chloe glanced up at Arlo. “Oh, sorry.” She pulled the spoon out, dropping it onto the coffee table. “Forgot you hated the whole ‘lying down eating’ thing.”

“Yeah…” Arlo shivered.

“Yeah we’ll find love, or yeah stop doing that?” Chloe gave Arlo a playful shove.

“I don’t think hero work is exactly the best place to meet the person of my dreams, Chlo’.” Arlo laughed.

“What, you think some big hunk of a villain can’t come out of nowhere and sweep you off your feet?” Chloe teased.

“Maybe a big lug.” Arlo couldn’t help but giggle. “I guess you could say I had… fallen for him?” The giggles ceased. “Nah, I don’t want someone. I couldn’t give them the time or attention they’d need, and I’d hate to keep something from someone I want to be open with.”

“And yet you’re keeping things from me?” Chloe raised a brow, giving a playful smirk.

“That’s not the same, Chloe.” Arlo sat forward, fidgeting with his spoon. “This… fuck, I don’t even know what this is!”

“Do you have feelings for him?” Chloe asked.

“What?” The spoon broke in Arlo’s hands.

“Or her.” Chloe shrugged. “Look bro, I’m not going to judge you if you got a thing for one of your villains. Love’s a bitch sometimes. She does what she wants.”

“I don’t love him.” Arlo crossed his arms, sitting back with a huff. “He just… He has dirt on me, and manipulated me into…” A blush coated Arlo’ face as he failed to suppress the memories. He shook his head. “Look, it doesn’t matter what he did, because I saw through his lies, and it’s all over with.”

“Yet it still plays on your mind.” Chloe wrapped an arm around Arlo, pulling him close. “I won’t push anymore, but whatever choice you make from this, I’ll be there for you. That’s what siblings do.”

“Siblings also break into your house and eat all your food.” Arlo couldn’t hold back a smirk.

“Hey, you did it in the womb.” Chloe grinned. “It only stands to reason I get to do the same out of it.”

“You evicted me.” Arlo laughed. “I was born first, remember?”

“Oh sweet, free house.” Chloe grinned. She ducked to avoid a low flying pillow.

====================

I don’t know what it is about those two, but they’re so fun and easy to write.

CHARACTERS

Music - Arlo

Older sibling. Hates when people eat lying down.

Protagonist

Chloe

Younger sibling. Shapeshifting powers.

Secondary Character

*018*2022-12-05 14:20

Thanks so much, WetTwink! Yes I plan to continue.

On that note, I apologise for leaving the story without an update for so long. Life took… a bit of a turn, and a friend ended up in a dangerous situation. They’re safe now, but understandably, I had more important things on my mind lately. Didn’t even finish NaNo.

As for the friend who’s into omo, I’m gonna try to convince them to either get an account or let me reword their accounts into actual stories, because they’re surprisingly good for someone who just found out they’re into this…

⚠️ Reference to being hurt. Self hate.

====================

Chapter Eight

Pandor

Another restless night. Another day full of unfinished projects. Pandor absently flipped a wrench, staring down at a half-finished invention. Usually while Boss was gone, he finished at least half a dozen. But this time? The remote he had been working on remained on his workbench, untouched. Ever since what happened with Music — what Pandor had done to Music — he just couldn’t focus.

The wrench clattered to the ground, startling Pandor. He pulled up his previous calls, hovering over Music. Sighing, he pressed the back button instead; the hero hadn’t answered yet, what would make this any different?

A small icon appeared on the top left of Pandor’s vision. Someone was at the door. Forcing himself to his feet, Pandor trudged over to the main panel. He really should put the alarm on, but what was the point? They were already probably inside. Pressing a button on the panel, Pandor was surprised to see whose face popped up on screen.

“M-Music?!?” Pandor stumbled back on instinct. The hero was heading straight for him. Panicking, Pandor ran left, then right, then left again. There was no time! Lifting his arm, he sniffed. Crap, where’s the deodorant? With no time for anything else, Pandor ducked behind the panel.

“Pandor!” The door slid open. “I know you’re in here!” Swallowing, Pandor squeezed his eyes closed. “Dumbass, the alarm is still off. Also, you left your camera on.” Footsteps approached Pandor’s hiding spot.

Dang it, Tes, stop being a wimp and just take the beating. Pandor bit his lip until it stung. You deserve it anyway, you were the idiot that thought with your- He struggled not to clear his throat.

“Pandor, I mean it. Don’t make search the entire base.” Music tapped his foot. “Also, I know you’re here alone, otherwise Mystify would already be here.”

Just man up and take the beating already. You’re used to ‘em. Taking a breath, Pandor peeked over the panel.

“Um, h-hey, hero.” Pandor stood, hands in a submissive gesture. “D-Didn’t see you there.”

“You’re a terrible liar, Pandor.” Music gave a smirk, before his expression shifted a serious one. “Look, we need to talk.”

“Okay, okay.” Pandor stepped out from behind the panel. He was shaking like a leaf. “I’ll come willingly. Please just don’t destroy the base, ‘kay?”

“Destroy the- What are you talking about?” Music frowned.

“Look I know you hate me.” Pandor’s words were running together so fast he barely had time to stammer. “I deserve it. I know I’m just an idiot who thinks with his pants and I’ll never do it again, I swear!” He froze, eyes wide as Music grabbed him by the wrists.

“Ok first, I don’t hate you.” Music explained. “No more than usual anyway. Second, I’m not pissed at you for doing it, I’m pissed that you lied to me about it.”

“Well, in my defence, you wouldn’t have done it otherwise.” Pandor muttered.

“Defence or no, that’s just not how this shit works.” Music shot a glare at the smaller villain.

This it it. Pandor swallowed. This is how I die.

“I know you and Mystify have your own little dom sub thing going on, but that’s just not how it works in the real world.” Music continued, letting Pandor’s arms drop.

“Wha- N-No, Boss just pays me!” Pandor shook his head so hard his brain hurt. “We’re not-”

“I’m not finished.” Music snapped. Pandor fell silent. “Trust is something you gotta earn before I even consider trying this again.”

“I swear I would never-” Pandor began. And then it clicked. “Saywha-” Did Music just- No… No I’m just taking things out of context. But… he said ‘again’… Damnit Tes, stop thinking with your cock, that’s what got us into this mess! He’s just talking hypotheticals. He’d never really consider- Pandor became abruptly aware that Music was clicking his fingers in his face, trying to get his attention.

“You done being broken, dude?” Music raised a brow.

“Um… S-Say that again?” Pandor squeaked. Stop sounding excited. Nothing’s gonna happen.

“I said that if you expect me to keep doing this weird shit, you gotta prove I can trust you to respect my boundaries.” Music repeated. Pandor frowned. “I don’t get how you’re not getting this.” Music rolled his eyes. “I already know you’re a perve, stop acting all innocent already.”

“Y-You w-want to do this?” Pandor blinked.

“I don’t fucking know.” Music was almost hugging his arms. For a moment, his hero persona slipped. Then his bravado was back. “Anyway, better you than having to explain this shit to someone else.” He shrugged.

“And you’re okay with it?” Pandor couldn’t understand Music’s reasoning. He’s not even into omo.

“Well…” Music clicked his tongue. “I certainly don’t want to be fucking lied to again. But if you can prove that I can trust you — at least in this situation — I don’t see why I can’t try to figure out why you find this… this appealing.”

“…This is a joke.” Pandor struggled to find reason. “It’s gotta be. You hate me!”

“I don’t get why this is so hard for you to comprehend.” Music tilted his head, expression somewhere between amusement and annoyance. “It’s obvious that you wanna watch me… that! And I sure as fuck don’t want to tell anyone else about it, so it’s not like I have much choice.”

“Oh.” Stop sounding so disappointed; you know you’re ugly and unloved. Pandor cleared his throat. “S-So, you just want to do this until you can work through… whatever it is you’re trying to work through? And then we never bring it up again?”

“Pretty much.” Music nodded. “And just so I have a safety net, next time I want you to wet yourself, just so I have photo evidence.”

“Uhm…” Pandor rubbed the back of his neck. “Th-That might take a while…” I never thought that years of avoiding school bathrooms would come back and bite me in the butt.

“Doesn’t bother me.” Music shrugged. “As long as I can keep you silent, I’ve got aaalllll day.”

“I promise, I don’t want this getting out any more than you do.” Pandor assured the hero.

“Still, I’d rather have the safety.” Music pulled a phone seemingly from nowhere. “When does Mystify come back?”

“I usually get about a day’s warning.” Pandor rubbed the back of his head. Not that I’ve heard from him; he’s probably not gonna be back till, what, Monday?

“Great, then we’ve got all night.” Music clapped his hands together.

“Wh-What, now!?” Pandor blanched.

“I don’t see why not.” Music checked his phone. “It’ll give you time to explain what your deal is with this whole thing. Unless you can dish out but not give back.”

“Isn’t this exactly what I did to you?” Not that I blame him. Pandor thought. I deserve this anyway, with the way I treated him.

“Oh…” There was a pregnant pause. Music let out a sigh. “You have a point. Okay I’ll go, but I mean it. If you wanna see me like that again, I want some assurance first.”

“N-No, I’ll do it.” Pandor decided. “I deserve it anyway.”

“You know you're allowed to say no, right?” Music surprised Pandor. “What? You’re entirely right, trust goes both ways, and if I wanna know you’ll respect my boundaries, I gotta take the initiative myself.”

“No really, it’s ok-ka-ka- It’s alright.” Pandor stumbled over his words, cheeks flaming. “You’re right, I did it to you first. It’s only fair you get to do it back.” He headed out of the room. “I’m not joking about it taking time, tho-.” He realised Music hadn’t moved. “Coming?”

“I don’t want you thinking you have to do this just because it’s right or whatever.” Music followed. “I know how it feels, so it’d be pretty shitty of me to do it back.” He didn’t seem to notice Pandor wince as he spoke.

“N-No, I’m fine with it.” Pandor was playing with his buttons again. “It’s just gonna take a while.” He focused on his bladder. Probably about a five. “A long while.”

====================

We’re about to enter multi-chapter desperation territory, hope you’re prepared. Because c’mon, if anyone’s going to focus on this a long time, it’s gonna be the one who’s actually into it.

Unfortunately, at least for the upcoming desperation saga, Pandor is going to be a bit self-hating, and there will be snippets of whiplash. Luckily, however, the two finally have an agreement. That’s going to make the upcoming (yet to be written) desperation scenes a lot easier to get through without a negative aftermath.

CHARACTERS

Pandor - ‘Tes’

Has been bullied before. Pretty much hates himself.

Protagonist

*019*2022-12-21 21:50

Merry Christmas, happy Hanukkah, happy Candlenights, or whatever else you celebrate.

Omo friend has given me express permission to post their stories. They don’t want to get an account, just in case. So I guess I have about… half a dozen stories on the back-burner, should I need them. And whoo boy are some of them great.

This week is the first actual week of rest I’ve gotten in a while… and every night brings a new problem. So I’ll probably come back from my vacation looking like death warmed up instead.

⚠️ Self hate.

====================

Chapter Nine

Music

“So…” Music shifted awkwardly. “Now what?” The two were in — of all things — a regular kitchen.

“As I said.” Pandor took a sip of his soda. He was seated in one of the dining chairs, turned to face Music. “This is gonna take a bit. If you just wanna go… wherever heroes go when they’re not being heroes, I can let you know when to come back.” Another sip. “Soda?”

“One, no, I’m not stupid enough to drink anything from you; and two, no, you could just sneak off and go the moment I leave.” Music was leaning against the doorway.

“I’m not gonna poison it.” Pandor ran his thumb over the lip of the soda. “I just… I don’t know what you want from me. I can’t rush this.” A few swallows. “And if I try to rush, all I’ll do is give myself a stomachache.”

“Then why don’t you just drink water?” Music rolled his eyes. “Of course you’ll get sick if you drink a bunch of soda.”

“Soda’s full of caffeine.” Pandor played with the tab on his can. “And caffeine is a diuretic.” He gave a sigh as Music frowned. “It makes you need to, yknow… go a lot more.” Pandor explained.

“So… Basically I’m stuck here?” Music asked. Pandor nodded, staring at the ground. Just great…

“You can sit if you want.” Pandor gestured behind him.

“I’m fine here.” Music folded his arms. “How long did you say this was gonna take?”

“Dunno.” Pandor stared at his soda. “Depends how long it takes, I guess.” Neither man spoke for a time. Soon, Pandor’s soda was empty. He grabbed a second. “Sure you’re not thirsty?” He offered it to Music.

“I just don’t get it.” Music ignored the can. “What’s so great about something we do several times a day?”

“Dunno.” Pandor shrugged, almond skin reddening. The soda clicked open with a hiss, and he took a quick gulp. “Why do you find… whatever you find attractive, well, attractive?” Now it was Music’s turn to blush.

“Because it’s normal.” Music tone was sharper than intended. Pandor flinched. “No, sorry I…” Music began on instinct. Wait, why am I the sorry one? He’s the weirdo, not me.

“To you.” Pandor countered. The can crinkled in his grip. “Not to ace people, and not to people who don’t share your sexuality.”

Kinda hard to not share a sexuality if I like both dudes and dudettes. Music rolled his eyes. It was silent a time. Music was about to speak when Pandor continued.

“Look, I can’t help being like this.” Pandor was blinking hard. “Do you know how- Do have any ide- Have you ever-” He let out a breath of frustration. “I don’t know what to tell you, okay? Just… watching someone squirming around, holding themselves, begging to hold on just a moment more… I didn’t ask for this, okay?” His shoulders were tense, words tinged with venom. The can crumpled beneath his grip, soda spilling over his hands, dripping off the chair, and landing on the floor in a puddle.

“I got it.” Music rushed to the nearest paper towel, tearing off a few squares and heading back to clean.

“Th-Thanks, but I can do it.” Pandor mumbled. He didn’t look up, choosing instead to down the can, depositing it in the sink so he could wash his hands. He brought a cloth out from under the sink, spraying it with a cleaning solution, getting on his hands and knees to clean it.

“I can help, really.” Music was already heading back to collect more paper towels.

“It was my fault.” Pandor shook his head. “Anyway, I gotta clean it properly, Boss’ll be pretty mad if bugs get in.”

“How much is he paying you to be his bitch?” Music laughed as he stood, watching.

“Free house and all the mechanical parts I could ask for, mostly.” Pandor finished cleaning. “Be careful, it’s still a little slippery over here.”

“Haven’t you ever thought about — oh I don’t know — betraying Mystify and taking your inventions to the world?” Music cleaned his hands, leaving the sodden paper towels on the counter. “You could make a fortune off that, and make better choices, to boot. He needs you, you don’t need him.”

“Has it occurred to you that life isn’t always sunshine and daisies, hero?” Pandor collected the towels, dropping them in the trash beneath the sink, before washing his own hands. “It’s so easy for for someone tall, conventionally attractive, and charismatic. I barely make the five foot mark, if that, and, well… no one’s gonna be calling this ugly mug pretty.”

“Still, you have a knack with inventions.” Music pulled out a second chair, sitting the wrong way, arms crossed over the back. “And I say that as a dude that regularly breaks your shit. You have talent.”

“Again, life’s easy when you’re conventionally attractive.” Pandor grabbed a third can. “You sure you don’t want a drink?” Music shrugged, finally taking it. “You have your own reasons for being a hero, same as I got mine for, well, villainy.”

“Heh, and here I thought minions came for the money.” Music laughed. “I never would’ve guessed you had actual reasons for being a bad guy.” He waited for Pandor to grab himself a can and take a sip before even opening his own. “Still, I don’t get how anyone can knowingly make bad choices when good choices are an option. I don’t know how I could ever justify putting lives at risk, and for what… Glory? Honour? Showing your fifth grade bully what’s what? There’s gotta be a better way than all that.”

“Well…” Pandor paused for a time. Music frowned, tapping his foot as he waited. “Sometimes, life just pushes you too far, yknow?” He gave a shrug, taking a few gulps. “Anyway, what would you even know about all that? You’re practically the poster boy for a goodie two-shoes club.”

“As if.” Music scoffed. “I’m hardly the perfect hero. Sunrise would probably be a better choice.”

“Oh yeah, I heard they’ve been hanging around, the Heroic Justice.” Pandor gently swirled the liquid in his can, taking another swig. “That wouldn’t have anything to do with you, would it?”

“Wait the whole team’s been around?” Music was surprised. “I thought it was only Zoology.” Realising the can was to his lips, he moved it away.

“Huh… Wait till Boss hears about that…” Pandor grinned.

“Pfft, as if he’d be a threat to even one of the H.J.” Music let out a bark of laughter. “They’re the best of the best for a reason.” Hurt my sister and — humiliation or not — I will tell the world about your little fetish. His fingers curled around the can. “Anyway, I’m back so it’s a bit late to tell him anything.”

“I guess you’re right.” Pandor took another sip. He shook the can. It was almost empty. He tipped the can up, finishing it. “Excuse me a moment.”

“Oh no, I’m not letting you sneak off like that.” Music stood. “You leave and I do.”

“I’m not going to the bathroom.” Pandor rolled his eyes. “I’ll literally be right back, promise.”

“I mean it.” Music swallowed the rest of the can’s contents. “Either we both go or none of us do.”

“Never mind then.” Pandor sighed. He shifted slightly. I knew I was right. Music couldn’t help the triumphant grin that swept across his face. Time passed, neither man talking. Pandor shifted, looking more uncomfortable by the minute.

“Gotta go, Pandor?” Music teased.

“No, not for a while.” Pandor was blushing, arms wrapped around his waist.

“Yeah yeah, whatever.” Music laughed. It was silent a while longer. Pandor started to sweat, alternating between sitting forward, and sitting up.

“Please can you leave the room?” Pandor finally broke. “Just for a moment. I swear I won’t pee, just… please, one moment is all I ask.”

“Nope.” Music shook his head. “You can’t fool me like that, Pandor.”

“Alright I give up.” Pandor was shifting. “I just need to… pass gas…” An uncontrolled bark of surprised laughter broke though Music’s tone.

“Is that all?” Music couldn’t help but stare. “Just fart, we’re both guys here.” To prove his point, he let out a belch of his own. Thanks to the soda, it was a real monster.

“I’m not… comfortable… doing that.” Pandor started to look like he was in real pain. “Please? You have my word. I won’t go.”

I’m too much of a softie… Music sighed, rolling his eyes as he left the room, door sliding shut behind him. Despite the closed door between them, he could still hear muffled noises. Damn, dude’s a fucking pro. Music was quietly impressed. There was a prolonged silence, then Pandor opened the door, stepping out. He looked much more relieved, if very red. Music decided not to let on that he’d heard anything.

“So, uh… What now?” Pandor asked.

====================

Not too much desperation in this chapter, but the next two are from Pandor’s POV, and - not that I like to toot my own horn or anything - I’m very proud of them.

Unfortunately, that then makes way for a fairly long gap before the next one. I’ve doubled the chapter count and barely started the next. But I’m also far from the ending. I barely have any of the plots rolling, even at the point I’m up to. Heck, Mystify hasn’t even returned yet.

That said, I’ve decided to push my character Profile update one chapter sooner, partly to not interrupt the upcoming omo… And I may have added an extra something, just for the holidays. (Note, I made them months ago as I was character creating, and there’s been a number of changes since then (For one, I swapped the twins hair-lengths)… But I figured why not show the part of the design proses?)

Note: Completely by accident, I missed a comment by @smartcookie

Really sorry I didn’t see it. I’m so glad you like my story, and truth be told, Pandor is my favourite. As for his age… Good question. I wrote it down somewhere… Apparently somewhere between 21-30s, I hadn’t decided when I wrote it.

CHARACTERS

Music - Arlo [Mid 20s]

Wears a green spandex one-piece, with a quaver (double-connected music note) on his chest, and another (single note with a flick) on his belt, along with a cape. People eating laying down make him uncomfortable.

Protagonist

Pandor - ‘Tes’ [21-Early 30s]

The one with an omo fetish. Short, stout, nervous and highly-strung. Wears a steampunk-inspired outfit, thick goggles, and black gloves. Hair is a white mess, and skin is on the darker side. Doesn’t like to see people suffering (mostly), likely due to severe bullying when younger.

Protagonist

Zoology - Chloe [Mid 20s]

Music’s (slightly younger) twin sister and closest friend. Anime nerd with (animal-specific) shapeshifting powers.

Secondary Character

Mystify [Early 30s]

Tall redhead with a semi-formal tone. Has a cane, mostly for show.

Antagonist

Ms. Miriam Donaldson

A lovely little old lady, and the best cookie maker.

Minor Character

