One Shot: A week's worth of shareholder value improvement

Author: pinkelpeter

*000*2025-06-26 01:15

Hello there. I took way too long. Once again. Because I had really bad writer's block, I did a one shot of a scenario that was in my head for a while. Please be warned: I wrote this in one go in the past 3 hours, so it isn't as polished as it might have been with more time. Still, I really want to share it with you.

Also, it's a bit darker and, if it was real, a bit more "problematic" than my other stories. It's one of the fantasies that should stay fantasies. No really bad stuff though in my opinion. More like "50 Shades of Grey does not value consent as much as it should" kind of problematic.

Have fun and tell me what you think 🙂

A week's worth of shareholder value improvement

Monday, 7 am

My shift starts. I clock in, drag myself to the break room to change into my uniform, get myself a coffee. I meet Anna on the way. Anna is about as tired as I am, but also kind of... irritated. I ask her what's up. She just tells me to read today's note and shakes her head.

I grab my coffee and take a sip. It tastes terrible. Better than no coffee nonetheless. I make my way to the shift plan and, next to it, the place where management's daily notes are hung.

{{:

Valued employees!

As you may know, we have started monitoring your performance with the help of our new AI-based Profiling and Optimization Technology this year. We have just received our current month's results and are barely containing our disappointment. On average, each employee takes 6 bathroom breaks every single shift, which accounts for roughly an hour of overpay and, even worse, an hour of reduced revenue. During bathroom breaks, if only one checkout is unmanned, average revenue drops by 20%. This is no joke. Upper management and our shareholders are furious about this. We have no choice but to implement a new rule:

Starting today, employees' free bathroom breaks are limited to three per shift. Every additional break leads to a flat deduction of 1/6th of your hourly wage. Over six breaks during a single shift lead to a personal talk with your manager.

We hope you have a pleasant and productive day.

- The Management

}}

I crinkle my eyebrows. This is a prank, right? I check the paper for imperfections or any sign of mischief. It has the usual poor choice of fonts and sloppy writing I have known to expect from management. It must be real. I do not think much of it, I usually have only one or two bathroom breaks anyway. I finish my coffee and head to my checkout to open it.

###

Finally, I close my checkout and my shift nears its end. I spared no thought to this rule during the day, I was too preoccupied with customers and being tired and mentally planning my trip to Sweden next month. As usual, I only had one bathroom break and planned on using my second one shortly before I leave for the day. I clean up, change into my usual clothes and lock up. Anna looked more tired than usual. When I went out the door, the late shift consisting of Jeff and Haily were already working at their checkouts. I always considered the two a couple without them knowing yet, the way they look at each other and sometimes even seem to long for having a late shift again because it means having less customers and more time to talk about everything. I leave and waste some time at home.

Tuesday, 7 am

Ten seconds before 7, I clock in, my shift starts. I fell asleep on the couch again. I had to drive my bike as fast as possible to get here on time. If management will implement rules like yesterday's, they will probably just straight up kill me if I get here late. I grab my coffee and change into my uniform. I'm still sweating from my impromptu Tour de France. I read today's note.

{{:

Valued employees!

You may have heard of the incident during yesterday's late shift. One of your female colleagues was so motivated and diligent in her job that she fulfilled our goal of a maximum of three bathroom breaks and did not utilize a fourth one. We want to let you know that we are very happy with her commitment and her service to our company's goals. Let her be a shining example to all of you.

- The Management

}}

Again, I crinkle my eyebrows. What does it mean? Are they talking about Haily? She's the only one who was working here yesterday. I meet Anna in the changing room.

"You read the note?" I say.

"Yeah. Poor Haily. They can stick their commitment in their a..." she says.

"Poor Haily? What do you mean?" I interrupt her.

"She did not utilize a fourth one, quote unquote, is a pretty shitty way of saying that she was afraid to take a break because she really needs the money and tried to hold it until..." she stops.

"Oh! ... Oh. That's bad" I say.

"It is. Those new rules are shit. How is this even legal?" she says.

"If I knew, I wouldn't work here. Let's just hope it doesn't get wors..." I say.

"No! Don't say it. Don't jinx it!" she shouts. Immediately, she leaves to get to work. I do the same, suddenly very aware that obviously the time we spend changing and taking breaks is monitored too.

###

During my shift, I saw a few of my colleagues shifting on their seats every now and then, repeatedly looking at the clocks that seemed to move backwards. Time seemed to pass even slower than on other days. I used up my two bathroom breaks earlier than usual. I ready myself to close my checkout, serving the last few customers. I try to change and clock out more quickly than usual. After clocking out, going to the bathroom is free. I look forward to it. Afterwards, I go home.

Wednesday, 7 am

I arrive at work and clock in. My shift starts. I grab my coffee, change into my uniform and read today's note.

{{:

Valued employees!

We have just received updated performance records of yesterday's shifts. All of you did a great job of optimizing our company's revenue and demonstrated loyalty to our values. As a result, we have decided to implement a change to the break policy:

Starting today, you can earn rewards for optimizing even more. For each of the three free bathroom breaks you choose to not take, you will be rewarded an extra 1/3rd of your hourly wage. If you manage to not take a total of twelve bathroom breaks in a week, you will be rewarded an additional hourly wage.

We believe this reward will help you optimize your biological needs even more and help our company improve.

- The Management

}}

I take a longer than usual time to read this note. Anna was right, I jinxed it. It's not that it got more restrictive, but I know that I could really use that extra money and none of my colleagues were any different. I googled it last night. Apparently, employers can limit the number of bathroom breaks to exactly three, none less. They found a way around that. I don't drink the rest of my coffee.

###

As my shift nears its end, I am not as comfortable as in the morning. I only took one break yet and want to keep it that way. I look over to Anna. She already took two and is shifting on her seat. Shortly before our shifts end, she jumps up and runs to the break room. When she got back, she had a look of defeat on her face. "Fucking management", she mouths over to me, careful to cover her mouth so the AI cameras don't see her doing it. As we meet in the break room, she is furious.

"Stupid rule. I could have really used that kind of extra money. I'll drink less tomorrow" she says.

"Don't. It's hot outside. You don't want to risk your health for some extra cash" I say.

"I'm jealous of you. With your big bladder and all" she says.

I'm reminded of exactly that and quickly finish changing up, clocking out and enjoying the first free toilet of the day. I leave more relaxed and with some extra money.

Thursday, 7 am

My shift starts after I clock in, I grab my coffee, force of habit, and change into my uniform. I read today's note.

{{:

Valued employees!

We can only consider yesterday's new rule as an overall great success. Over all shifts and all employees, you have managed to save a total of ten bathroom breaks. Some of you are on track to reach this week's goal already and we are proud of you. As some extra help from our side, we have provided each checkout aisle with a complementary black towel. Our law team has advised us to not be too specific, but please be advised that your uniform's pants are, as a matter of fact, quick drying. Do whatever you like with this information. We want to thank your colleague H. for this helpful idea.

- The management

}}

I am confused. It can't mean what I think it means. I meet Anna.

"I am speechless" she says.

"Huh?" I say, eloquent as ever.

"They really want us to take no break at all. And apparently it's legal because it's only a voluntary bonus for extra effort. I can't believe it." she says. Her voice is not completely angry. One part of her seems to consider her options.

"What about that H. colleague. Is it Haily again?" I ask.

"Who else? Apparently, poor Haily felt so bad after her shift this Monday that she didn't even want to come in next day. She did anyway, and considering she, in her words, lost all her dignity anyway, she could also sell it. So she did not take a single bathroom break during her shift yesterday. Shortly before the end, with one extra hour's worth of her wage luring her, she finally lost the battle. Luckily, there were no customers there at the moment. When she realized she couldn't change what has happened and remembered that at least she will get paid for it, the rest of her shift wasn't that bad" Anna says.

"Wow. So she just" I hesitate.

"Yeah. She did. All the way. And thanks to that, we have this new... extra help today. You know, I'm really appalled on one hand but..." she says.

"Yeah, me too. Let's just start the day and hope for the best" I say. We leave the break rooms together. I look at my pants. They are indeed made of black, slightly shiny material, not too unsimilar to workout clothes. I never thought about this peculiar fact.

###

About two thirds into my shift, I am at the point where I would usually take my first bathroom break of the day. I look at the black towel that indeed lays on a rack below the counter, neatly folded. I think about it for a second. I look around. Anna catches my gaze. I point downwards. Anna gives me a shrug. I hold my towel up slightly. She points towards her seat and gives me a nod. I am surprised. Still, I quickly put it on my seat and sit on it. I don't even have to go that much yet. Still, in this weird turn of events, it seems right.

###

Half an hour before my shift ends, I am at my limit. It's not very often that I actually reach my limit, considering my apparently huge bladder. The same started twitching every so often and I notice my belly slightly protruding. I still have half an hour to go. I suddenly remember that I may leave anytime, it's not that I am prohibited from going to the bathroom or anything. It feels all the same, though. During my shift, I calculated how much extra cash I could earn in a month. I made plans for this money. I am in fact prohibiting myself from leaving, from failing. I can do it. At least I hope so.

###

My shift ends at last. I hurry to lock up the checkout and dart to the break room. I feel a twitch in my bladder. I feel a drop go into my panties. I freeze in my track. Not this close! My thoughts are racing. If I go to the bathroom now, I will lose today's bonus. But if I want to check out, I have to first change into my normal clothes and I don't want to risk peeing them because I have to drive home in them. I take too much time to think and feel another twitch and another squirt, bigger this time. I feel the warm wetness in my panties.

I quickly crouch down. I reconsider my options. There is no way I'm gonna change at this point. Also, there is no way I'll waste today's bonus when I've already wet my panties and have to wear them on the drive home. I resign. In the break room, I find an ominous stack of black towels laying next to the shift plan and management note. I take one and walk over to the table in the middle of the room. Carefully, slightly hunched over, I sit down. I feel weird. How did I get into this situation? I have no time left to reconsider my life choices.

I feel the third and final twinge of my bladder and completely lose it afterwards. I feel the warmth spread in my crotch, see my uniform plants glisten up and the black towel bravely soaking up anything I produce. Which is pretty much, considering this is the first pee I have in this shift, at the end of it. Despite the colossal weirdness and despite me being aware of multiple AI cameras watching me, I do not feel as bad as I thought.

When I finally finish, I even feel a bit victorious. I feel sympathetic and connected to Haily. She made her choice, and I made mine. After watching my pants for a while, marveling at how fast the wetness disappears, at least visibly, I walk over to the changing room and undress my pants. Without a doubt, they are completely soaked.

Even worse, my black panties underneath are too, and they belong to me. I try to dry them a bit with my uniform pants' legs, which are still dry because I sat on the towel, and quickly put on my black leggings. I was surprised at the feeling of pressing the wet fabric of my panties against myself. The leggings were a good bit tighter than my uniform's pants. At this point, I didn't care. I clocked out, skipped the toilet on my way out, and tried to focus on the extra money instead of my damp crotch.

Friday, 7 am

I arrive at work. I clock in, my shift starts. I brought extra panties today. I grab myself a coffee and start reading today's note.

{{:

Quote

Valued employees!

Over the course of just four days, we have increased our total revenue by 30% already. We are really proud of your effort. Our goals were more than met, so we have decided that another thank you would be fitting.

Starting today, the coffee machine and water dispenser are now usable without any limits. We do not want any of you do get dehydrated in this summer heat. We hope that you appreciate this service. Keep up the good work.

- The Management

}}

I look over to the table. Anna is already sitting there in her uniform, a coffee in front of her.

"I didn't know you drank coffee" I say.

"I do. Just usually not during work. Makes me... you know" she says.

"And now?" I ask.

"Now I have lost all respect for myself. I really don't care anymore. If our corporate overlords want us to do this, who am I to refuse?" she said. She looked defeated, but also kind of relieved. I chuckle.

"Let's just make the most out of it, shall we?" I say and gesture towards the door.

"Right" she says and gets up, grabbing a bottle of water on the way.

As I open my checkout, I quickly place a towel on my seat and make myself comfortable.

###

After a third of my shift, I notice my bladder. I think about yesterday. It wasn't all that bad. At least that's what I tell myself. In itself, it really wasn't that bad. As there are currently no customers, I relax for a few seconds. An ever so little amount of pee leaves my body and quickly dissipates into my panties. I feel weird. I quickly get back to work. After a while, I do this again, only this time not only for a second. I feel my panties heat up and see my crotch glisten up. I stop again. I look over to Anna. She seems more relaxed today. I smile at her. She points towards and gives me a thumbs up. I blush and give her a thumbs up too. How did she change her mind so quickly?

###

Halfway through my shift, I feel my bladder fill up again. It's a slow day today, even though it's a Friday, so I don't have any customers again. I relax again and push a little to get the flow started. This time, I want to see how much there is, so I slowly but steadily let all my pee flow through my panties, my pants and into the towel. It was more than I expected. Afterwards, I felt way better than before. In a fleeting thought, I even thought about how this was better than having to get up, lock up, leave for the break room, get back, et cetera. I made sure to drink more water today. Don't want to get dehydrated after all.

###

At the end of my shift, I follow my usual routine of locking up, cleaning up, going to the break room and entering the changing room. As I undress my uniform's polo shirt, Anna gets into the room.

"Ah shit I forgot. Oh well. Fuck it" Anna says. She shifts slightly, hands in her pockets, and closes her eyes. After she "aaah"s, I can see the familiar glistening on her crotch, slowly making its way downwards. I am a bit shocked, even though we both already peed our pants multiple times this day.

"That's better" she says, shaking her legs a little. As if nothing happened, she also starts undressing her polo shirt. As we are standing in front of each other in our bras and pants, she looks at me.

"What about you?" she asks me. I remember that I haven't peed in a few hours. I am suddenly very conscious of my bladder, as if Anna pushed a button. I blush a bit and then imitate her pose, hands in my pockets, my hips slightly shifted towards her. I relax. I can feel my pee flow into my panties and down my legs, completely soaking the legs of my pants. I can feel it going into my socks, which I didn't bring an extra pair of, but I don't care at the moment. As I finished, I open my eyes again. Anna is looking at my crotch. I am a bit insecure about this. Still, I start tugging at my pants' waistline and Anna does the same. I have seen her in her underwear a hundred times, but they were always dry. Today, her pink panties clearly showed a completely soaked, slightly dripping crotch. I almost feel underdressed in my own black ones. Suddenly, Anna takes a step towards me.

"You know, these black panties fit you. Should we, I don't know, do something?" she says in an overly seductive voice. I gasp, even more surprised about this sudden turn of events. As Anna reaches a hand towards my panties, she suddenly takes it back.

"Ha! Gotcha! Remember I have boyfriend? But he will love this! That kinky fucker" she says, smiling mischievously. She takes a pair of black cargo pants and pulls them up, even though her underwear is still dripping.

"You really got me. For a moment I thought... Yeah. I should read less fan fictions" I say. I pull my leggings up, completely forgetting (or maybe ignoring) that I brought spare panties, we clock out and leave. I am a bit jealous of her boyfriend, not gonna lie.

Saturday, 11 am

I wake up, completely unaware of what day or year it is. I must have slept extra time to account for the short nights of the week. I get up, walk over to the bathroom, get my toothbrush, start brushing and sit on the toilet. Just as I start and feel the first drop exit myself, I look down and quickly stop. I still have my pajamas on. It's not the first time this has happened to me, not even the first this year, but this time, something is different.

I don't immediately get up, yank my pants down and sit back down, afraid that my bladder might have other plans and start again without a warning, but I wait. I carefully touch myself through the two layers of fabric, still brushing my teeth with the other hand, and make my decision. I relax again, slowly feeling the liquid find its way out again, and empty my whole morning pee into my unexpecting pajamas. My brain is already conditioned enough that I feel like I earned some money by this. I am more and more sure though, I would start doing this for free too. And suddenly I look forward to improving shareholder value again next week.

