The pee revenge

Author: Pre94peereveng

*000*2022-01-17 12:16

Once we (2 girls and a guy) had to travel a longer way to a mall. The guy who is my friend's cousin is known for being uncaring about others. We had to travel 5 hours. As it was sunny whether we packed lot of juices. He alone 4 drank bottles of juices as he has packed Gatorade bottles in which he can pee. He kept all of the juice bottles with himself as he's unwilling to stop the car for us incase if we need to pee. I fought and dragged two bottles and drank unlike my friend who's scared of him shouting. He warned me that he won't stop the car even if get desparate. I just didn't care and shouted that he must if it's necessary or else he'll be facing the consequences .

Two hours later the two bottles of juices reached my bladder and i asked him to stop the car in near by loo. Though a loo was there he didn't stop to revenge me as i didn't listen to him. In another half hour my bladder was almost about to burst. I gave him an another warning sign that if he didn't stop his car seat will be covered with pee soon. He gave deaf ears and increases the AC even thinking to bother me.

A pity guy! He has to face the consequences . Without any reluctance i removed my Jean started to relax and pee in the car itself. As i drank two bottles, my pee gushed like a fountain all over his car. His seats got soaked and drenched fully. I continued peeing like a little girl and the pee reached his toe. His brand new car was covered with pee Lake. His pearl white seat turned yellowish. Wow! What a relief. Such a warm feel in AC.

The poor guy stopped as he didn't expect this from me and turned over where I pulled my jeans and relaxed.

