Omovember 2021: Day 11

Author: PPP

*000*2021-11-15 05:46

$$

Ah, Metroid Dread. A title like that is just begging for a fear wetting story. Samus isn't really the type to do that, though, so I went for more of a shock/surprise angle. No major spoilers for the game.

###

Day 11: Scared/surprised into wetting Samus (Metroid)

###

Samus Aran, intergalactic bounty hunter, stared at the door before her and cursed her luck. Her time exploring the planet known only as ZDR had been plagued by increasingly deadly foes, chief among them being the Extraplanetary Multiform Mobile Identifiers, or E.M.M.I. These advanced robots had originally been sent in for observation purposes by the Galactic Federation. However, an unknown party had reprogrammed them with a single purpose: to kill. Samus had fought several, each with a unique and lethal ability, and she was under the impression that she had destroyed them all. The cuboid markings on the door, however, could only mean one thing: an E.M.M.I. Zone. She took a deep breath and went through.

The room beyond was horribly silent. Samus knew the procedure: she would have to evade the E.M.M.I. until she could locate the Central Unit controlling it and take the powerful weapon within. If the robot found her, it would kill her. It was a deceptively simple objective. Samus looked at the map on her visor and frowned. This Zone appeared to be much larger than the ones she had previously encountered, and there was no sign of the E.M.M.I. Hesitantly, Samus stepped forward. She took care to move silently; the E.M.M.I. could pick up on the slightest sound.

It could be anywhere, Samus told herself. Could be at the end, could- there!

Samus felt her heart leap as a bright blue spotlight lit up the floor in front of her. She shuffled back a few steps before looking up to confirm her suspicions. Sure enough, the E.M.M.I. was there, hanging from the ceiling with its powerful claws, its eerie red eye scanning the floor below. Samus held her breath as the robot looked around, then turned away from her. It crawled away along the ceiling, heading into a corridor that led to an upper level. Samus waited until it was out of sight before continuing. She took the first set of stairs she found leading down, eager to create some distance.

Several tense minutes passed. For Samus, the good news was that she saw no sign of the E.M.M.I. The bad news was that she also didn’t see any Central Unit either. Or an exit for that matter. As she progressed further, Samus realized she had another problem. She had been on ZDR for quite a while, with no chances to take a bathroom break. Now, her bladder was starting to make its discomfort known. Samus shuddered and tried to ignore it. Her Power Suit had a built-in waste removal system in case of emergencies, but she hated using it; there was always an uncomfortable dampness left behind.

Gotta hold it for now, Samus thought, trudging onwards.

It wasn’t long before Samus became truly desperate. Her legs shook as she walked forward and it was taking a concentrated effort to stop herself from leaking.

Where’s the Central Unit? Or the exit, she moaned internally. I’m going to- there!

Samus breathed a sigh of relief as she spotted another marked door at the end of a long corridor. Once she got out, she could find a place to relieve herself, then continue her mission. Samus dashed forward, her bladder begging for release. She was almost at the door when the blue light shone in front of her.

Samus didn’t frighten easily, but she felt her heart race at the near miss. As she saw the E.M.M.I. crawling down the wall in front of her, she felt another effect of the shock: she had leaked out a single drop of pee. Embarrassed, Samus quickly got the leak under control and activated her Phantom Cloak, a device that could shield her from the robot’s gaze. Indeed, the E.M.M.I’s eye passed right over her, instead landing on a bloodstain that some unfortunate creature had left on the floor. Vents opened up on its metallic face, and it let out a low hissing sound.

It’s smelling, Samus realized. It can’t see me but this one can probably smell bodily fluids, like blood or… urine.

Samus’ blood turned to ice as the E.M.M.I. looked at her again. It hissed a second time, then the light it emitted turned red. It had tracked her down. The robot rushed towards her, razor-sharp claws extended. Desperate, Samus countered with a melee strike, hitting the E.M.M.I. right in the eye. It was stunned only momentarily, but that was long enough for her to slide underneath it and make it to the exit.

Once she was on the other side of the door, Samus sank to the floor, her heart still pounding.

That was too close, she thought. I- ahh!

Samus’ tortured bladder couldn’t take it any longer, and was leaking at an alarming rate.

“No!” cried Samus, but it was no use; the floodgates opened and she felt the warm wetness spread in the crotch of her suit. She groaned in dismay. The relief felt good, but she had been trying to avoid this exact scenario. Now, there was nothing to do but sit there and wet herself while she waited for her suit’s system to dry her.

“When I get back in there,” Samus muttered to herself, “I’ll turn that E.M.MI. into scrap metal."

###

Next up: Peeing lesson/demonstration

