The red-haired beast

Author: peeacsfan

*000*2024-05-09 18:38

At that time, I was alone. Some of the friends got married, others They got girls, others were just too lazy to go out. In general, I'm time From time to time, he went to nightclubs alone in search of interesting things and have a good time.

Once again, Sitting at a table, I looked at the dance floor. Among others There was one girl on whom I stopped my look. Well-groomed, beautiful, dressed to the nines, she kept herself aloof and apart from the rest, moving rhythmically and beautifully to the music. Shoes glittered, reflecting the light of the spotlights. But to hell with their shoes, the most interesting thing began above: my gaze slowly rose upwards, tracing the infinitely long, Slender legs dressed in dark tights. As if following the course of my thoughts, the owner of these legs turned 180 degrees, allowing her to make sure that they were on the other side as well. no less beautiful. Taking advantage of the new angle, I enjoyed it again beauty growing out of her shoes, his eyes lingered on her hips, and then they They disappeared under their skirts, as if to say, "A little bit of a good thing."

However, there is more to come better. Starting from the edges of the skirt with the slit, which is from the dance of its mistress diverged and then came together again, allowing me to see the edge of the hidden thighs, And continuing above, the convex shape of the butt could be traced. I just couldn't take my eyes off her! It began with a semi-oval from the upper edge of the slit of the skirt, reaching the peak of its bulges in the center, and again decreased all the way to the back.

In addition, it was spinning to the music, and seemed to be calling to her... You could stare at her endlessly But the girl changed her perspective again, and I continued my research. A little higher of the described part of the body, after the girl's turn, I examined with my eyes Lovely tummy. Above the thighs hidden under the skirt, if you follow the contour of the body, a graceful curve began waist, and below the graceful neck there were bulges, two in number. I'm talking about breasts. And it's beautiful A cute, beautiful, pretty face. A sharp, snub-nosed nose. Big Eyes with beautiful eyelashes. Sponges. And this unearthly beauty was closed by red-haired, curvaceous hair that falls to the shoulder blades of its owner.

Exhausted from the dance, the girl returned for her V. I. P. table. Sat down on the Double sofa. I rummaged through my purse. She took out a pack of ladies' cigarettes. Pulled She lit a cigarette and leaned back in a relaxed way. Did a few puffs and reached for a glass of foamy drink. Usually girls They prefer wine, martini, champagne, liqueur, and they say "ugh" about beer. But Judging by the fact that this lady took a big sip, she was clearly not one of those. I kept watching her. She looked about twenty-eight years old. Multiple times She shot her eyes in my direction, and a couple of times our eyes met... Then she reached back into her bag.

This time she took out the ringing phone. Made and started talking to someone. I watched her facial expressions closely. Apparently, it was a boyfriend who called. She alternated between smiling and talking. Then her lips whispered invisibly, most likely, "Well, that's it, kisses. Bye-bye," and she I put my cell phone back. Our eyes met for the third time, and she smiled at me, letting me know that she had noticed my interest in her for a long time, and showing that I'm okay too... A minute later, the situation repeated. She is She smiled more intensely and playfully wagged her finger at me. Then she picked it up again her glass and took another sip of beer. She looked at me again. In response, I shook His head slightly, he said, "Does such a gorgeous young lady drink beer?" and smiled too. So we flirted silently from our seats, cheering each other up, having fun at the same time.

Dance The music was replaced by a slow composition. My Lovely Flirting Partner stopped the waitress. Ordered more something. The waitress nodded, changed the ashtray, and picked up the empty glass. Redhead The beast opened her purse. She took out a mirror. I looked into it. Corrected hair. She brushed something off her eyelashes. Cleaned mirror, stood up. My thighs opened up again, starting at the edges skirts and hidden under the table. She straightened her skirt, slung her bag over her shoulder, and I'm going somewhere. Wasting no time or wanting to miss such a moment, I I reacted instantly. He abruptly got up from his seat and in the blink of an eye He blocked her way and invited her to a slow dance. Pretty girl, after thinking for a while, She came back, put her purse on the couch, and came back. Put her arms around my neck and I put my hands on her waist and we swirled in a slow dance.

- Alexey, I said.

- Olya, - she answered.

- You're very beautiful girl, Olga.

- Come on "You," she said, "thank you for the compliment.

- First I see such a combination: a girl like you and a beer at the same table.

- That's right Surprises? She smiled.

- Honestly Saying yes.

- Do you know It's not the first time I've heard this. But I can't help it. That's just the way I am! Love beer.

- This and Surprises. You're the only one here, aren't you?

- Yes... You know. Sometimes I like to sit alone. Without girlfriends. Just dancing Relax, think, beer, again, drink. How about you?

- Yes You know, I'm going through the same period right now. Everyone's lazy, so I'm doing lonely sorties from time to time.

- And girl?

- A what girl?

- Girl U Are you there?

- Free "Like an iceberg in the ocean," I joked, "what about you?" I guess I have a boyfriend.

In Response The girl showed me her right hand, on the ring finger of which was emblazoned Emerald wedding ring.

- I got it. And How does your husband feel about going to nightclubs? Isn't he afraid to let go alone?

- Afraid Of course. But what to do. I'm not a tame animal. I'm a cat that walks on its own self.

- So He's the one who called fifteen minutes ago. Didn't scold?

- That's right... Quick-witted, - laughed Olga, - Yes. He. He asked me what I was doing. Said I'm sitting In the bar, I drink beer. He has just gone on a business trip. And what are you like curious?

- To my husband Yours is lucky. With my wife.

- Ouch. You will You just don't know me!

- To me What I see is enough.

- All of you Men are the same. They'll see the leg, the ass, the breasts, and that's it – the mouth is watering, the mind eclipsed...

- No "Of course," I joked, "the main thing is spirituality and a good person. And let's look at it We're looking at a woman to get a better look at her soul!

"That's what I am I saw how you, while I was dancing, looked at the "soul" in me, but for some reason looked for it in my legs, and then in my legs. breasts," she laughed.

"Of course! I exclaimed, "you have a lot of it. Souls, I mean.

- Yes yes. Tell me honestly that he was staring at my ass.

- And at the butt There's a soul! I said philosophically.

Olya Laughed.

- Funny you, Lyoshka, - she said, and suddenly pressed herself against me.

Gary Moore's solo "Still got the blues for you». A rapid dance began.

- Let's go for my table," Olga suddenly suggested, "otherwise we'll be shooting with our eyes shooting Cupid's air arrows at each other. We'd better sit and talk.

We sat down. Olga pulled a fresh glass of beer closer to her. I ordered tea.

- You will Smoke? She asked

- No.

- Good job! You'll die healthy. Do you mind if I smoke?

- No.

Olga lit a cigarette, and leaned back on the couch again, taking a puff and releasing a puff of fragrant smoke. She threw one leg over the other.

- Well "Tell me," she asked, "how you I've come to such a life...

So am i Told. Then she told me her biography. However, it is quite a typical Story: A girl from a good, rich family. I've been a lovely child since I was a child, not devoid of material goods and parental love. My father was often away. Then school. Good ratings. University. It's an interesting job. Marriage for a well-to-do man. After that, Olga's transition to another, less time-consuming one at the request of her husband. Frequent business trips of the spouse. Now they are planning to have children. But lately, boredom sometimes arises from the satiety of life. In such cases moments she goes somewhere to a nightclub or bar and just prefers Sit alone, drink your favorite alcoholic beverage. On a day like this, or rather Late evening, turning into night, I caught her...

Conversation smoothly moved into the field of hobbies. Olya was delighted to learn that I I am engaged in music and literature. Especially when I found out that I sometimes play and write Stories.

- Write About me! She asked.

- Absolutely, I promised, and I kept my word.

Talked about music. Olga turned out to have good taste and knowledge in this field of art. Then we switched to literature. It turned out that we have one favorite writer – Charles Bukowski. We discussed his novel Women. Henry Miller came to mind. Sergei Dovlatov was mentioned. It turned out that both of them had watched the film several times Oliver Stone's Doors. Then they began to discuss the works of Sigmund Freud.

- To me it seems, Olga mused, that Freud had problems with women. Or with Potency. Because, according to his theory, everything in our country proceeds, I'm sorry, from one thing Places.

- And the old man was right, - I said, - and he didn't have a problem with sex or women. Having six children confirmation.

- Well, not Yes I know. Are all people only concerned with sex?

- All. To one degree or another. Maybe not preoccupied, but longing for it. And there are those who pretend that not only preoccupied, and even allegedly not interested, and are publicly indignant, like, how can you even think about sex and so to talk more about it. Such people can be recognized by their serious faces. The Most Ardent Adversaries love to preach and moralize. But in fact, it's just a mask – protective psychological barrier. Sanctimony. Personally, though, I think it's the strongest The instinct that drives most people is not sexuality, but the desire for power. A desire to move up the hierarchical ladder.

- Think? Not aspiration Does money drive people?

- Person Those who have power, as a rule, are not deprived of women's attention. And the money It is not an end, but a means. You can buy sex with them. But the authorities do not. In any case, not always

- Not I agree with you. Personally, I've always preferred men who I like them, regardless of their position in society. So sex, if you can buy, then not with everyone.

I He looked at her carefully. Once again, I was convinced of the well-groomed and obvious, soft Speaking of the girl's poverty, judging by her clothes.

- But You married a man who was not poor...

- It's still doesn't mean that I belong to him completely. It's up to me anyway communication and people. For example, I liked you right away, and that's the only reason why I Now I'm talking to you, and not to that, for example, moneybag sitting opposite... And Then, for some reason, you were also looking at me, and not at that fat girl...

Approximately In this vein, we communicated. Then Olya asked if I liked erotic films by Tinto Brass. It turned out that our tastes coincided here as well. And Ole and I like the films "Breaking the Taboos" and "Monella".

"That's it, Olga confirmed, taking mints out of her bag, handed one to me, and the other she put in her mouth, especially "Monella". The heroine of the film looks like me...

- Yes?!

- Aha- Olga winked, "And my husband is also somewhat similar to the hero of the film...

- I understand Now, why are you alone in a nightclub...

Olga said nothing. She snuggled up to me. She put her hand on my arm.

- Which one What's your favorite scene in this movie? She asked.

- I like the episode where the girl got drunk in the bar, and began to dance with the Mexicans on the dance floor, trying to make them jealous Groom. He was angry, then she called him a fool, freaked out, and got into a taxi. The taxi driver, as you remember, began to molest her, and the girl, accusing the men of that they all want the same thing, got out of the car in the rain. Though a few more Minutes ago, she was actively seducing Mexicans in front of her fiancé.

- Aha! To me Also like this scene. Especially when she's walking alone in the warm rain. His clothes got wet, and clinging to his body, he became transparent. Her chest was showing through. Because the girl didn't wear a bra.

- And panties also?

- No! She put on her panties," Olga objected, "because then they showed how She sat down, took them off, and peed in the rain.

- One In a word, a monella," I summed up.

Olga nodded in agreement. She snuggled closer to me. Moved her face and our Lips met in a kiss...

Came waitress. She removed the second empty glass from the table. Olga asked me to bring the bill. A slow dance began. We walked out onto the dance floor. From drinking beer, the red-haired beast got drunk. She wrapped her arms around my neck. We continued our kiss, but this time in dance. The scent of her body, mixed with the faint smell of expensive perfume, intoxicated me. I He held the girl tighter to him. She is She shuddered, and pulled back a little. The kiss was still uninterrupted. In a rush I held her close to me again. Olga broke the kiss.

- Lesha. You will You're putting pressure on my stomach. I want to pee!

- Forgive me. I won't do it anymore.

We are We continued to kiss.

- Listen! And Come visit me," she suggested.

"To you?" And What about your husband?

- Oh, Lyosha, Don't be ridiculous. My husband is very far away now. Sleeps for sure. And then after kissing It's too late to think about morality. What did you say about soul searching?..

"You're the same You understand that I'm happy to look for it from you...

- And I don't against! You don't have to look for a soul in me. You can just search for something...

- In In fact, I've already found a lot of interesting things in you...

We are We returned to the table. Olga pulled her wallet and phone out of her bag. Invested in a book with a check brought by the waitress. She threw one leg over the other. Ordered taxi. A waitress came up and took the bill. We headed for the exit.

By this time, The crowd grew, so much so that we could hardly squeeze through the dance floor Exit. The cloakroom was crowded with newly arrived visitors. I took the queue behind outerwear. Olga handed me her number.

- I'm now I'll be back, - she said, kissed and after kissed She went to the "ladies' room.

Cloakroom attendant She did her job dashingly. The queue was rapidly decreasing. I handed over two numbers cloakroom attendant. She scurried back to her desk, and came back with her jacket and mink sheepskin coat of my companion. At that moment, Olga returned.

- There's such a line, you can't push through, - she complained.

Getting Dressed and taking one last look in the mirror, she I straightened my hair and we walked out of the club into the street.

- Ooh. Fresh air! She said, - taking a deep breath, - Where's our taxi?

Olya got it phone and called back.

- Hello! Girl, we ordered a taxi, - she said, shifting from foot to foot -. Five minutes? Will it work now? Ok. Just tell me to hurry!

Cleaned Tube.

- To the toilet I just want to! She said cross-legged.

- Go until they leave, I advised.

- Where to?

I looked around on the sides.

"There, though I pointed to a dumpster fenced off by a small brick a fence with holes.

- There?! - "Oh, no! I'm not drunk enough to be behind the garbage dumps yet to relieve oneself.

- Come on. Who will see you at night?

Nearby Voices and laughter could be heard. Then drunken screams.

- You never know. They can also rape you...

- I'm fasting on guard.

- Oh, yes! She retorted.

- I I'll turn away

- No, not I'll go, - she stammered.

Waiting dragged on. Olga stared into the distance at the road, waiting for the car. I've been watching ney. She stood nervously and rhythmically stamped on the spot. Then she brought her knees together and She rubbed her thigh against her thigh evenly. Then she closed her thighs tightly together shifting the knee of her right leg a little higher, and raised her right shin parallel Land. She rubbed her hand over her lower abdomen. She began to dance again. She folded her arms on breasts and stepped on her feet in one place.

- Oh "Service," she exclaimed, breaking the silence and my silent observation, " You can pee on the spot while you wait for them...

- Go- I said, "Until they leave."

- Hmm, for Garbage? She asked, still breaking down, but already doubtfully.

In this year, Instantly we heard the sound of an approaching car, we were illuminated by the headlights. Our Taxi arrived.

- Not I had time," said Olya, "well, all right, I'll go home..."

We sat down on the Rear seat. Olga gave the address. The driver stepped on the gas, and the night The establishment was left behind. The car drove onto the highway. Soon Olya and I repeated in the soft version a scene from the movie "No Exit", in a taxi, performing it no worse than Kevin Costner and Sean Young. However, without partitions and nudity. A what did not in the least diminish passion and sensuality. However, unlike the stage In the film, the taxi driver didn't pay the slightest attention to us. Or pretended. And we kept kissing. Not at all tired of this occupation, Despite the fact that it was started at the club. In the interior of the car, there was a loud music. It didn't bother us. Vice versa muffled the driver's smacking sound. Still, we decided to take a break and interrupted for a moment.

- Ooh. That's great," Olya said softly and excitedly.

- I agree with you!

- Only at I feel like my bladder is going to explode...

- And I'll tell you offered to go!

- Yes I know. But No problem. Let's hope for the best.

And we're here again They continued kissing. Olga gently took my wrist and guided my palm to the middle of my thigh, hinting that they don't end immediately under the skirt either. I continued Tactile research. Got to the central point very quickly between the thighs... He rested on something soft, warm, hidden under a double cloth panties and pantyhose. Olya began to breathe more often and deeply. She rolled her eyes, that now I could only see squirrels without pupils. With my index finger I began to drive at the center point under the skirt over the fabric up and down.

Then he pressed lightly into the deepening, stretching the fabric of the tights until elastic. The temperature at this point was rising. And soon the fabric became get wet... Olya spread her hips a little wider, and moved to the edge of the seat. To me It became more and more difficult to control myself. Though I wanted like to Kevin Costner in the movie, just fence off the partition and continue the pleasure occupation... I withdrew my hand, deciding to save the sweets for later... We kissed for more minutes two. Then they stopped. Olga returned to her original position, pulling herself up Back. I looked out the window.

- It's almost We have arrived, - she said.

I stroked her Hand. She rested her head on my shoulder. She brought her knees together.

- To the toilet Want. I don't have the strength, - she complained.

- Want Exit?

- No. I'll get there somehow... If I don't explode, - she joked.

Through For a moment Olga looked out of the window again. She closed her knees. Pushing my body a little forward, She bent over and rubbed her legs with her palms. Once again Straightened. She began to jerk her legs, banging her knee against her knee. She bit her lip. She put her hand on top of her skirt in the groin area. Inhale involuntarily several times She made a dull "sss" sound. She rose abruptly and moved closer to the back of the seat.

Then she began to crawl on the spot. She threw one leg over the other. She bit her lip. Again She bent down, still holding her hand over her skirt, in the area of the intimate part of her body... The shoe of his right foot, being weightless, swung up and down like a pendulum. I changed the position of my legs, throwing my left leg over my right. Now another shoe swayed from side to side. Olga looked out of the window again impatiently. Straightened. She fidgeted. She took a deep breath and exhaled. Again on the inhale she said the sound of "s", and on the exhale she uttered a weak, quiet "ouch", ending with a sigh.

- Can Shall we go out after all? I asked again, "I can't bear to look at your Torment.

- Yes, already A little bit left," she said, trying to convince herself of it.

- Vide. You're torturing yourself!

- After It happens like beer," she said, bending over and wrapping her arms around her hips.

For a few seconds I sat in the such a situation. She straightened up again, fidgeted, and without lifting her heels from the floor, began to tap her feet on its surface. Her face was concentrated. She bit her lip. Her teeth chattered.

- We're almost there, - she reassured I'm going to burst myself...

We drove up to an area where The houses of the most prosperous residents of the city were located.

- Stop here, please, She said loudly to the taxi driver, and said to me a little more quietly, "I can't take it anymore! Right away I'll pee.

The car stopped at a fork in the road. To the side, through the window, I saw a fence, behind which I could see a two-storey, chic cottage. I paid the taxi driver. Opening the door, I thanked the driver. He came out and gave his hand to his friend. She threw her legs over to the street, handed it to me and with difficulty straightened, she got out of the car. She immediately wrapped her arm around her my biceps. The taxi driver turned around and drove away.

- Rather! Go! –Cried Olga, pointing with her free hand in the direction of the fence behind which he was ? -I thought I wouldn't be able to stand it in a taxi.

We went through a few quickly, quickly Metres away. Olga attached the electronic key and the gate leaves automatically swung open. There was a small gazebo in front of the cottage. Through the window of the gazebo I I could see what looked like a cauldron. In summer, you can sit in it, grill kebabs, meat, sausages... To the left and right were lawns, and between them was a narrow path leading us to the porch of a two-story house. I let his companion go forward, and she, nervously clicking her heels, swiftly was approaching the house. She walked up the porch, and shifting from foot to foot, I started to open my bag. The sudden movement made her drop it, but she managed to grab by the strap. I coped with the lightning and began to rummage through it.

- Key, key, - several times She said, - Where is the key?

Trembling hands rummaged through his bag. His legs danced a fast dance. Then she squatted down abruptly.

- Lyosha, - in a trembling voice She said, - I can't find the keys. Help me, please!

A twinge of tenderness came over me ney.

- I'll find it now, Olya, not Worry, - I reassured the girl.

- Find it, please. I can't Already have. I really need te pee very bad!

I reached into my bag and instantly He pulled out the keys. Tears welled up on Olga's eyelids...

- Thank you, dear, -Getting up, she said happily, and smacked me on the lips.

I managed to to wipe a tear from her face...

From the third Once Olya hit the keyhole with the keyhole, and we went into the hallway. Never Stopping Olga felt for the switch and turned on the light in the hallway.

- I need to pee, I want to pee. Toilet! She said, unbuttoning her sheepskin coat.

I took off my jacket and hung it on Hanger. Then he untied the laces on his shoes and put them on the shoe stand. From the sharp movement of Olya's hand, the button from the sheepskin coat came off and jumped along the semi. She spun around like a yula and froze. I helped Olga undress. Removing from her sheepskin coat, I inadvertently touched her breasts. Now she's in front of the mirror appeared before me again in the form that I saw for the first time today. Instinct kicked in, and I put my hand on her skirt at the back...

- Lyosha... Me to pee We have to start first! She warned me, at the same time instinctively sticking out her ass Back.

The hallway was filled with pleasant the scent of Olga's body and perfume. She tried to take off her shoes, but they didn't succumbed.

- Lyosha, help me, please! – she pleaded.

I squatted down and helped Rid her feet of her shoes. But my gaze was again hypnotized by Olina's legs. I I took a closer look...

- Lyosha, Lyosha!

I stood up, put my hand on the Olga's buttocks, and kissed her.

- There's a jacuzzi and a toilet upstairs, - Olga whispered to me impatiently.

I took her in my arms, as again in No Way Out, when Tom Farrell returned from a trip, and when he arrived, he was carried to the Susan Atwell's beloved bedroom, but he carried the girl not to the bedroom, but to the bedroom. toilet...

- Ouch! sss! I'm going to myself now. Olya wailed.

I kissed her back. Came. I put Olya on her feet.

- Will you wait for me?" She asked near the door leading to the amenities, amusingly, in my opinion, clasped with your hands crotch with a hand over a skirt.

I pulled her closer to me and Kissed. In response, the girl, with all her passion, wrapped her arms around my back and dug into my back Lips in mine like a vampire. Mutual excitement grew.

- Lyosha, let me go, Please, or I'll pee now - " she whispered to me.

- It's okay, - he didn't let go I'm the one who writes it if you want to.

In a fit of passion, forgetting myself, Like on the dance floor during the kiss, he held the girl close to him. She oohed moving away. I reached under her skirt with my hand and found a damp cloth underneath pantyhose on the inside of the thighs... There was a faint smell in the air of the girl who peed...

- I peed a little in my panties, when you held me close to you, - Olga said, folding her lips into a bow and giggling.

- Why restrain yourself? All You'll have to change your underwear later," I said.

"Do you want me to pee?" – Olya asked.

- I won't mind, - I said.

We opened the door and walked into the Bathroom. Though it was more like a room: large in area; In it There was a large shower cubicle, a wide jacuzzi, and a toilet on the edge. The red-haired beast ran to the shower stall, opened the door, and, without undressing, stood In front of my eyes, she peed right in her pantyhose...

- I peed myself, - in a childish way Biting her lip, she said, looking down playfully like a little girl.

- Ay yay yay, - playing along with Ole, I shook my head reproachfully, "Such a big girl pees in her pants."

"I didn't do it on purpose, Daddy," Getting used to the role, she said, "I endured the whole trip. I've been holding on with all my might. I tried very hard. But I couldn't take it anymore.

"Okay, baby, don't worry," Coming closer, I reassured her, "But don't do that again!" Just tell Daddy What do you want to write and don't tolerate!

- Okay, I'll try more like that don't do. Help me take off my pantyhose.

I started to take off her pantyhose, but Her panties slipped down with them. Olya, wasting no time, took off her jacket and pulled off her T-shirt. She unbuttoned her bra and stood naked in front of me. Pressed button, and warm water poured from above.

"Come to me, Daddy," she beckoned With her finger she gave me.

I threw off my clothes and joined it, closing the door behind him Door to the cubicle. Under the running water, we hugged and kissed. For some reason, this is how it is for us I'm not tired of just kissing. I put my hands on Olga's buttocks. He began to stroke them. He pressed her tighter to him, but this time Olya did not shrink back, but on the contrary - pressed tighter to me. My aroused penis rested against Olin's tummy. Index With my finger I began to caress Olenka's anus. Then he lowered his hand and went in with his fingers inside Olya's hole, wet and open... Soon, her hole let her inside the part of me that wanted to get into it so much. I think she's found there and Soul... From time to time I slapped my hand on Olya's buttocks, which made the girl rolled her eyes, sighed, and moaned almost like in a taxi, only not from needs, and from enjoyment...

After the shower, we moved to the Bedroom. And for a long time they continued to search for the soul... Exhausted, they fell asleep Only in the morning.

We woke up in the afternoon. Naked happy and satisfied. Almost. Because as soon as Olya got up and accidentally showed me her ass, my penis did not remain indifferent to her buttocks. I moved Olga, or rather her ass, closer to me. Kissed both buttocks. And then he explored the cave with his tongue. Olga, in gratitude, after She performed a similar operation on me. It all ended with the other side of life, oh which Freud reasoned so much.

After breakfast, I called a taxi. We are We kissed goodbye. Olga escorted me to the gate. We're going to have a long time Kissed. Then I got out, got into a taxi that arrived on time and drove away...

A lot of times I've been after in this but I never met Olga...

