Is this hyper wetting?

Author: peepantsrunner

*000*2023-04-03 12:43

I keep seeing "hyper wetting" listed as an interest in profiles. I have no idea what that means, so I took a wild guess and speed wrote a joke story about it. Hope you enjoy!

Rachel had to have been the sweetest girl I'd ever seen in my life. She was always kind to everyone, always a perfect little ray of sunshine. She was everything I was trying to be, but probably never would. She was innocent bordering on naive, but her warm and bubbly demeanor was so contagious that nobody ever thought of taking advantage. You simply can't be mean to a girl like Rachel.

You can imagine my righteous indignation, then, when the old bastard teaching our Psyche 101 lecture wouldn't let her slip out to the ladies room. "You're an adult. You should have gone before the class began, Miss...I forgot your name. As I was saying..." Bastard. Poor Rachel looked crushed, as far as I could tell from my seat in the very back where I admired her and she didn't know I existed. It wasn't Rachel's fault she had to pee, anyway; anyone that tiny probably had a tiny bladder, and we were over an hour into this horrible lecture.

I was trying to be better than this. Trying to be the kind of person that could look someone like Rachel in the eye and say hello to her. That's why I was here in college in the first place instead of going into the family business. But, sometimes old habits die hard, and I'd been an evil warlock since birth. I sighed and dug through my bag for the dusty old tome. I was going to curse that old bastard.

I wasn't as good at Latin as a proper warlock ought to have been, but at last I found something I seemed appropriate for the crusty bag of bones blathering on about Freud up there. I was going to make him have to pee as badly as everyone else in the room did. I carefully aimed my wand, which I had cleverly disguised as a giant novelty pencil, and muttered the incantation while pretending to chew on the eraser thoughtfully. A nearly invisible shimmer like a heat wave shot over the heads of my classmates, gently ruffling their hair as it passed. It was on course to strike Professor D-bag straight in his dumb face and...aw shit! Aw hell!

It hit Rachel. Why, oh why, did she have to choose that exact moment to stand up?!? She instantly flooded her light blue jeans with pee, and I mean really flooded. Who in here could've possibly been that desperate? Rachel was so overcome with the torrent of piss gushing from her petite body that she couldn't even run away. She just stood where she had been when it hit, hands clutching her desk for support, as an endless deluge poured out of her.

Rachel's jeans were filling so rapidly, that even though a yellow stream like a sink faucet was shooting from between her slightly spread legs, and more was soaking every inch of her lower body, pee still began to spray from her waistband like a broken water main, causing students as far as three rows up to scramble away out of the splash zone. What on earth was happening? Rachel began to moan and whimper, whether from pleasure, pain, or a mixture of the two, I don't know.

I was frantically tearing through my spell book, searching for a counter curse, when Rachel literally peed her pants off. The supernatural pressure of her flow actually blew her pants and panties both down to her knees. Her exposed pussy was like a fire hydrant! She shook and convulsed, and I wondered if she was actually having an orgasm from the powerful jet blasting past her clit.

I reread the ancient text more carefully this time, looking for any clues about how to save her, and saw where I had gone wrong: I had made Rachel have to pee as much as everyone in the huge lecture hall. Combined. There must have been two hundred students in there, not one of them having peed since at least the beginning of class an hour ago. Assuming the average bladder in here was half full, I had just magically shoved 100 full bladder's worth of pee into sweet little Rachel. The worst part was there wasn't a counter curse, at least not that I could find. She would just have to pee it all out.

Several classmates were screaming, at least two had fainted, and an ambulance was on the way. The old dirt bag just stood there slack-jawed and stared. One brave girl tried to pull Rachel's pants back up for her to protect some small shred of her modesty, but the unnatural force of her piss was just too strong, and when she lost her grip, the pants flew all the down to Rachel's ankles.

It took a full five minutes for the monsoon to subside, and Rachel had two more of those moaning fits that I suspected were orgasms. Eventually, though, her pee slowed to a more natural stream, then a dribble, and finally just a slow drip. She collapsed, exhausted but otherwise unharmed, into a lake of several gallons of pee, just as the paramedics arrived. She made a full recovery from her ordeal, and was such a sweet girl that nobody even made fun of her for it. The professor never withheld bathroom breaks again, and the police were completely baffled, unable to trace the strange occurrence to the weird kid in the back row. If that's not happy ever after, it's close enough for an evil warlock like me.

*002*2023-04-06 01:07

Really? I thought I was being ridiculous. Well, thanks for the info.

