Leah's night out

Author: pwpj

*000*2014-06-22 23:32

Leah's night out.

This is the third story featuring Leah, following on from the kind words of posters who replied to my previous writings here. Thank-you to all of them, and to pguy69 for planting an idea which goes into the story.

I'm very new to writing things, but I just tend to sit down and find a story falls together in my head. Here is my third one, in which Leah goes out for the evening and – well – you'll have to read for the rest :)!

I hope that people enjoy it.

Leah had been away at university for just over a month now, having finally left home following a gap year. She'd been brought up in a decidedly middle-class family as the only child of her parents, an insurance manager and a teacher, in the suburbs of London. She'd been an academic success and got top grades in her 'A' levels, before spending time travelling the world and latterly working to earn money. Her parents were very nervous about her moving away to uni – it would be an entirely new experience for her, and she was secretly a bit nervous herself. She hadn't gone too far, though – the city she'd moved to was only an hour and a half away from home on the intercity train, so it was easy if she fancied going home for a few days.

As well as her academic prowess, she was undoubtably a beautiful young lady. Her curly brown hair had many guys hanging onto her every word – she had freckles, brown eyes, relatively slim and, at 32B, not top heavy, but still just curvy enough. She'd had a boyfriend before, and had been on dates, but was quite reserved and still relatively innocent.

Her parents had been keen to stress the importance of studying hard whilst she was at uni, and Leah didn't intend on letting them down. However, it was equally a big thing to move to a new city, with new people, and Leah found herself going out more frequently. She wasn't a big drinker – she didn't see the point in getting so drunk you couldn't remember anything, but she enjoyed being a bit tipsy. It gave her the confidence to speak to some of the attractive guys she'd otherwise shy away from!

Fortunately, the university administration managed to organise like-minded people together when allocating halls spaces. Although most teenagers liked the prospect of a 24-hour party in their halls, Leah was equally as excited as a long liein and a good night's rest. The halls were divided into flats, which had a kitchen, two bathrooms, and six bedrooms. The girls in Leah's flat were all quite decent and she got on with them – but she could get on with about anyone, such was her natural charm and good nature. She definitely missed her friends from home, but often caught up at weekends and online.

Halfway through term was reading week – a chance for everybody to catch up on their set books and assignments. As a studious person, Leah was already doing quite well and could afford to relax a little. She was suffering from a bad cold which she'd been shaking off, and had spent most of the week lounging around the flat in her pyjamas. So, when Natalie, one of the other girls, suggested a night out, she was enthusiastic. It was agreed that they'd go out that Friday night.

Friday came around and Leah went out in the morning to hand in an assignment and pick up some shopping. As it was a routine day, she donned her jogging bottoms and a hoodie over the top of her plain white knickers and bra. Even in these she looked pretty, although as she looked in the mirror she saw a visible knicker line, which was never good news. Still, if she tugged the hoodie down it was out of sight. She headed over to the lecturer's office and handed the assignment in and then went around the supermarket. As she went through the checkout she realised she needed a wee – with the cold she'd had she'd been drinking lots of water. However, she didn't like the idea of leaving all her shopping on the floor of the Ladies. She held out through the bus ride home and until she got home but, as soon a she'd packed the shopping away, she headed to the toilet.

She sat down heavily and then sighed as she let loose a well-needed wee. She looked down at her plain white knickers, and realised she ought to change them before she went out. Although she had no intentions of anybody seeing them, she took pride in wearing pretty underwear most of the time! It made her feel more womanly and attractive – even when she was sitting on the toilet! She sat deep in thought on the toilet whilst attending to both needs, and when she was done hopped in the shower. She was yet to get used to having to share a shower and toilet – sod's law dictated that everybody wanted to use it at the same time. There had been a few crossed legs amongst the girls, especially in the mornings. She'd been a bit cautious about moving away from her home comforts, but the halls were quite modern, having been refurbished lately. In any case, professional cleaners came in every day, so the bathrooms usually smelled clean thanks to their efforts with the bleach.

Late afternoon came around and Leah started to get ready for her night out. She put on a black bodycon dress that showed off her figure perfectly, with dark pink lace knickers underneath, and a red lace bra. As it was starting to get cold in the evenings, she wore black tights too. The girls were going to meet up and leave the flat about 7pm, starting at the student union and then going into town. Leah took her bag, but secreted £20 in her bra – one of the other girls had had her bag and phone stolen a while ago and was left with no money to get back home. Although she didn't intend on getting wildly drunk, she liked the idea of some tipsy dancing.

The girls met up just after 7 and they left for the union bar which was predictably busy for a Friday night. Leah ordered a vodka and coke and sat chatting with the other girls and some friends from her course. After a while they started to get ready to leave for town, and Leah made a point of visiting the ladies to make sure she was entirely empty first. As they got on the bus, it transpired that her flatmate Jessica wasn't so sensible.

“Aw, I should have gone toilet before I left, I need a wee now!”. Leah remembered earlier in the year when she'd endured a long, painful bus ride at the end of a busy day with a full bladder, and sympathised with Jessica.

She was a very intelligent and pretty strawberry blonde with a skinny figure, but a bit lacking in common sense sometimes. She had a t-shirt dress and leggings on, which hung off her, but gave a glimpse as to her slim figure underneath. Leah started talking to her to keep her mind off things, although she wasn't the only one - Aofie, who was a curvy and pretty Irish girl, wearing a grey dress, said she was bursting. Natalie was in a sense the ringleader of the girls – she was a practical, down-to-earth girl – quite like Leah as a matter of fact, only more assertive, something that, being the oldest of 4 siblings, had come naturally.

The bus arrived in town a little while later and both Jessica and Aofie looked quite pained. Natalie matter-of-factly lead everyone to a chain pub where her and Leah went to the bar, whilst the others ran down the stairs to the toilets. The bar area was busy and it took a long time to get served, although it wasn't an issue because the others were a long time coming back from the toilets. “Jesus christ the queue down there is horrible!” grumbled Aofie.

The girls found a table in the corner and sat down, Leah drinking another vodka and coke. Aofie, who was quite talkative, was revelling in a tale of her boyfriend, who lived in Ireland still but came over to visit frequently. The conversation turned to boys and relationships, which always made Leah feel self-conscious – she'd been used to guys checking her out, but was usually too shy to say anything and if anybody complimented her she'd go bright red and not know what to say. She was still quite innocent – which, by the sounds of it, is more than could be said for Aofie. The others were sharing all sorts of things, and she wasn't too keen on revealing her total lack of experience – luckily her bladder provided a good enough excuse. “Better go early on if there's going to be queue!” she thought to herself. Natalie said she needed the loo too, so they went together.

They went downstairs into the basement where the toilets were situated and sure enough, there was a queue for the 3 cubicles. As Leah waited she could see several of the girls in front of her were obviously in need of relief quite badly – several were stepping from foot to foot or crossing their legs. She didn't need to go that badly, although Natalie, who was behind her, was crossing her legs.

A cubicle opened and Leah stepped inside. It was a pretty disgusting toilet, with wee all over the seat and on the floor. She was surprised how a girl had managed that. Nontheless, she needed to go, so she lifted her tight dress up, puller her tights and knickers to her ankles, and using the toilet roll holder as a support she hovered over the toilet, letting loose a stream of wee. She could hear the person next to her flushing and leaving, and Natalie taking her place. She saw, under the cubicle, Natalie's skin-tight jeans and black thong appear at her ankles and heard the release a ferociously strong stream. Leah had finished and managed to wipe herself and get dressed again without touching the disgusting surfaces. The girls left the toilets at similar times, washed their hands and went back upstairs.

By the time they got back to the table the others were keen on going to another place which had a promotion on – Aofie had been chatting up a promotions guy and had some free tickets. Although Leah was quite happy with where they were, people fancied a change so she went along with them. They left the pub and walked down back to the main high street and then along to the new club next to the markets. By this time it was about 11pm, and Leah was glad she'd put tights on – poor Jessica was complaining bitterly that it was too cold for her.

There was a queue to get in the club, which was packed out what with it being promotions night. They found a space at the bar and eventually managed to buy drinks, which they took to the edge of the dancefloor. Leah got through her beer quite quickly and was determined that she shouldn't drink any more – she didn't want to get too drunk. Although it was very busy she was enjoying the music and the good company. Aofie was flirting with another guy, as she often did, and Leah joined the others dancing with some friends. She ended up dancing with a guy she quite liked the look of, and when the song finished he took her to one side and asked if she'd like a drink. Not wanting to sound impolite, she accepted another vodka and coke, and spent a while chatting to this guy. As well as being good looking he seemed a decent type of guy – not a stuck-up arrogant arse, which she felt was an instant turn-off.

Leah felt the familiar feeling of her bladder filling up, but she didn't want to leave this guy, so she stayed where she was. Her bladder was quite strong, anyway, and it took a lot to make her desperate – although it wasn't used to so much alcohol. He bought her another vodka and coke and she was getting a little bit drunk by this point. Leah felt that she needed to excuse herself sooner or later, as her bladder was now quite sore – but things were cut short as Natalie came over and said they'd have to leave now, or else they'd miss the last bus back to campus – and being students nobody wanted to pay for a taxi! Leah swapped numbers with Mark, the guy she'd met, and hugged him goodbye for now – although she felt a little uncomfortable as her bladder was compressed. She wanted to visit the toilets before they left, as she was quite desperate and could feel an intense pain in her stomach, but Natalie hurried everybody along.

Leah left the club with the others but was now in quite bad need of a toilet, having not been since earlier and having had three drinks in the last place. She was a bit drunk and getting a little clumsy, too. They passed a McDonalds' on the way to the bus stop, and she said she was going to go in there for the toilet. Jessica said she'd come along too, as she needed to go quite badly. They went inside but with no success – toilets were strictly for the use of customers, madam, company policy.

They rejoined the others and Jessica voiced some discontent. “Look, I'm really bursting for the loo. I'm going to go back to the club and go there, I really can't wait any longer”. Natalie was concerned - “Jess, the last bus leaves in 5 minutes, how will you get home? It's only 20 minutes, surely you can hold on?”. Leah wasn't sure what she should do – she'd had a couple of near misses and really didn't want to sit on a long bus ride with an achingly full bladder. At this point she remembered the £20 note she'd kept in her bra - “It's ok, I've got some cash. Me and Jess can go back to the club, and you guys catch the bus. This seemed to suit everybody so Aofie and Natalie stayed at the stop, whilst Leah and Jess headed back to the club.

Although it was gone midnight by this point, there was still an enormous queue to get in.

“You'll need to join the queue” said a bouncer, “It's about half an hour long at the moment”.

“Half an hour!” whimpered Jess “I can't wait half an hour!”

The bouncer looked quizzical, so Leah explained. “We've just come out but we realised we need the toilet, can we please please just come back in, have a wee, then go?”

“Can't do that love, look, there are people waiting here too. I'm sure they need the toilet and all. No, sorry, if I let one person in, I have to let everybody in. Rules is rules.”.

Leah was usually a reserved, shy girl but on this occasion, with this much alcohol in her, she had no hesitation in making an allegation as to the bouncer's parentage. Her and Jess headed off down the street.

“Leah, what are we going to do?” said Jess, who was never one for rational thought at the best of times. “I really need to pee, I really need to pee now!”.

Leah thought to herself, although her thoughts were affected by the alcohol. “I think we'll have to find somewhere to squat, unless you want to queue?”. She knew that, although Jess was vocal about it, she wasn't far behind. They stopped at the end of the road and Jess was fidgeting. Leah was trying to think but at the same time crossing her legs. A decision was needed and another twinge from her bladder hurried her along.

“Right, I've got it. Let's go down here and turn left, there's an alleyway around the back of the shops. We can go there”.

Jess didn't look like she cared for modesty or decorum right now, and she was in quite a state. Her right hand was pulling up her leggings so the fabric kept on tight around her crotch. Leah hadn't quite reached that stage yet, but she wasn't far behind.

They turned left into the alleyway behind the shops and bars. It was a pretty nasty place – a cobbled alleyway, with dustbins and parked cars, and assorted bits and bobs. Although she was quite drunk, Leah was definitely in charge of the situation, and she lead Jess halfway down the alleyway where there were two large bins parked with a gap between them, up against a wall.

“Right, can you go there? It's not perfect but there's a bit of privacy...”. She'd hardly finished talking by the time Jess had pulled her leggings and her black girl-boxers down and squatted between the bins. Leah watched as a stream arched from Jess's privates, ran across the path and into the drain by the edge. She was envious – she was desperate by this point! But it wouldn't be too long until she could get relief, too. She kept a look out in both directions, lest anybody else be approaching. Two guys entered the alleyway at the same edge that she and Jess had, and they ducked into a service doorway close to the entrance. Lucky men, with their being able to pee anywhere, thought Leah enviously.

Jess's stream had died down to a close, and she sighed. “Oh my god, that was amazing. I've never needed to pee that much! Have you got anything to wipe with?” she asked. Leah searched her bag, but to no avail. “Just bob up and down a bit and pull your pants up. It's not ideal, but it'll do. Jess was insistent that Leah keep lucking, although all Leah wanted was to swap places and empty her own bladder. She eventually convinced Jess that there was no chance of a tissue, so Jess bobbed around and wiggled her bottom. She stood up, her skinny frame highlighted, and pulled up her black girl-boxers and leggings again.

The girls swapped places – Leah was happy, she'd been needing to urinate for a few hours now and the alcohol definitely made her need to go far worse than normal drinks. She positioned herself, back to the wall, between the bins, and carefully pulled down her tights and her dark pink lacey knickers. She could feel her bladder start to release, and was squatting into position when Jess shouted “Quick! Stop! Put them back on!”. Leah didn't really care by now, but Jess hissed “Come on! Quickly!” so she tugged her knickers and tights back up roughly and stood up, just before she set eyes on a PC and a WPC approaching them.

“Good evening ladies” said the Constable “Are you alright, around the back here?”

“Oh yes, we've just been out tonight, and... and...” started Jess.

“We were just on our way home” finished Leah.

“I see” continued the Constable “Well, look after yourselves. We've had a lot of problems down the back here – people getting things stolen and so on. We've had a lot of complaints that partygoers were urinating in the street – I hope you didn't intend on doing the same, young lady”

“Oh come on, I rrrreally need to go” blushed Leah, who was embarrassed to find a policeman talking about her weeing. She was particularly uncomfortable because her body had been about to empty itself when she was interrupted, and felt a chill down her spine. “There were two guys up there doing it, why didn't you get them?”

“I didn't see anybody up that way, young lady, but can I advise that if you need the toilet, you use the facilities in the club back there”.

“Oh please, just look the other way and keep on going” protested Leah, who was crossing her legs at the same time. She was totally not the sort of girl to argue with anybody in authority, especially not a police constable. She addressed the WPC “Surely you know what it's like, girls have smaller bladders than men”.

The WPC was stone-faced and authoritative. “Urinating in public is an offence, which attracts an £80 on the spot fine. Unless you wish to be given one, I suggest you go back to wherever it was that got you so drunk and use their facilities. If you urinate here, madam, I shall have you down the station”.

Heartless cow that she was, but that was that, really. Leah's parents would be furious if she was arrested for having a wee around the back of a nightclub at gone midnight. She shuddered from the thought – and also from the fact that she needed to wee very badly indeed. The girls started walking back the way they came, whilst the two police accompanied them to the edge. The police turned back to patrol the alleyway, leaving Leah doing a dance on the spot at the end.

Jess was cool as a cucumber by now. “I'm sure there's somewhere else we could go!” she suggested. “There are plenty more alleyways in the city!”. Leah was envious – she'd let Jess go first because she was always one to think of herself last, but now she was the one who'd been stopped from having a wee, just at the last minute. She was on the verge of a total humiliating accident.

The girls walked away from the main street past another row of shops, with great difficulty. Both were drunk and Leah was in urgent need of emptying her bladder. The next alleyway along had no bins and was visible all the way down. Although Leah was desperate, she wondered if the policeman would patrol that alleyway next. She didn't want to risk a fine. However, her body reminded her that she was risking having a major accident. As she stepped up onto the kerb she felt a twinge as a spot leaked out into her knickers.

“Jess, I'm just going to run for it. Next alleyway, whatever's there, I'm going to have a wee” she cried. She ran awkwardly, by this time with a hand in her own crotch, into the next alleyway, where there was a skip parked right by the entrance.

She concealed herself behind the skip, and threw her handbag onto the floor. She ran on the spot as if treading water, whilst she lifted her tight figure-hugging dress up and above her stomach. Another twinge signalled another escape. Still treading water, she pulled her tights down and tried to squat – noticing at the last minute her knickers hadn't come down with her tights – pulling them down just in time for her backside to swoop down and release a hissing, fierce stream between her legs onto the roadway. She was relieved beyond belief. Her problems were over.

“Fuck!” said Jess. “Cover yourself up!”

“I can't!” replied Leah, who was emptying her bladder at an impressive rate. Her mind filled with what she'd say to her parents. But rather than the police, a group of guys her age walked past, and started pointing and jeering at her, with one getting his phone out to take a picture. Leah had never felt so humiliated in all her life. She was squatting in the road, weeing all over the place, and guys were looking at her.

All of a sudden another guy appeared out of nowhere. “Oi, you, get going, nosey perverts!” this guy said, as he stood with his back to Leah to give her a shield. “I'll stand here until they've gone” he said.

Leah was very grateful as she finished up, inspected her lacey knickers for damage (minimal) and pulled them back up, followed by her tights, and let her dress down.

“Ok, thank you so much, I can't even- MARK!” she said to the guy. It was Mark who she'd met in the club earlier that night. Oh, she'd really done it this time.

“Oh my god, oh my god, I've totally screwed up and embarrassed myself” said Leah who started wailing and sobbing. “I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I just really had to go and I couldn't... just couldn't....”. Mark held her and let her cry. “Look, Leah, I didn't see it was you until you turned around. I just thought that those guys were wrong to be embarrassing you”. She was drunk and emotional, and totally embarrassed at the nice guy she'd met that night catching her when she was embarrassing herself. “Leah, don't worry” said Mark “I don't think any less of you. Everybody pees. It's human nature. Now, shall we get back to campus?”.

Leah, Mark and Jess walked back to the main roadway, which was much easier for Leah with her empty bladder. Mark hailed a taxi and they rode home to campus. Although he tried to pay the fare, Leah was insistent that she should, after all he'd done for her. She noticed him being gentlemanly and trying to look away as she extracted the £20 note from her bra, although she felt that a peek down her top was the least he deserved. She thanked him profusely and as they hugged goodbye she kissed him on the lips. She really thought she'd found someone special. Turning around, Jess was very giggly and started teasing Leah about her new love interest, which caused Leah to flush bright red and go very quiet.

The girls walked into their halls and up to the first floor, entering their flat. By now it was 2am, and they walked into the kitchen for a snack before bed. As they made some toast and gossiped about Mark, Aofie came out of the bathroom in her pyjamas, holding her dress which had a wet patch on the back. For the first time since Leah met her, Aofie was speechless. “I kinda had an accident” she said, but to Leah there was no kinda about it. “Those bloody buses! We've only been back ten minutes, it took so long, and I couldn't wait!”. She went off to her room and Natalie appeared and told them that Aofie had been quite drunk and had an accident where she sat on the bus, and they'd had to get off and walk home. “Did you find somewhere to go and get back alright?” asked Natalie. “Yeah” said Leah “it all turned out quite well in the end, actually...!”.

*004*2014-06-23 20:18

{{: 

This is such a great story - drunk desperation and wetting is one of my favourites. I can't wait to read more from you :)

I think there could be legs in this one to go further and do a couple of different scenarios.

}}

Thanks, what scenarios were you thinking of?

*007*2014-06-23 21:16

{{:

Having been at Uni not long ago myself - I always wanted to see an accident in a nightclub.

Could a group/multiple accident be done?

Perhaps a drunken bedwetting?

I'm sure you'll come up with something good :)

}}

I have had a wonderful thought which links to a past real-life experience, for a plotline along one of those lines. Expect something new in the next couple of days.

*011*2014-06-27 21:41

{{:

Yes, I love it thankyou, Thats the perfect scenario for me, desperately seeing someone else get relief, then denied herself! Fantastic!

}}

I'm glad you enjoyed it, thanks for the idea!

{{:

This is excellent, just enough to be believable. Your style is rare. Please please contribute more like this.

}}

Thank you so much, positive comments are greatly appreciated - it's nice to know people enjoy it!

