My Mom is Such a `B----`! - Revised and Complete

Author: Peter Pants

*006*2017-01-14 03:42

Chapter 12: What REALLY Happened at Jane’s House

Any doubts that my dream was any more than just that were dismissed as soon as I stepped into my car and turned the key, sparking the engine to life.

Of course it was crazy to think that it could have been real. The timing of Jane’s message was either a coincidence or had somehow subconsciously sparked my dream. However, I wondered what HAD taken place at Jane’s house last night.

I didn’t have to wait long to find out the answer. Jane was waiting by my locker, fully clothed of course.

“Peter you are not going to believe this!” she exclaimed without even a ‘good morning’. She grabbed my elbow and pulled me into an empty classroom.

“What happened?” I asked “I got your message, how did she find out?”

“I don’t know!” Jane said bewildered “After I got your uhh.. ‘delivery’ out of the mailbox I took it up to my room and put it in the package with the others right away. Then last night before bedtime I took my dry one off and gave it to her just like I was supposed to. She asked for the package, I knew she would, she counted them and then handed me a new one. By the time I went bed I was sure we had gotten away with it”

Jane took a deep breath and then continued “I was almost asleep when she came into my room and turned the lights on. She just looked at me and said ‘where is it?’ At that point I honestly had no idea what she was talking about! Then she said ‘Your diaper. I assume you peed in it before you hid it? ‘ I was in such shock I didn’t know what to say!”

I could see Jane was trying not to cry as she told me the story “Then she yanked my blanket off and pulled me out of my bed… and well you can probably guess what happened next?”

“Another spanking?” I said trying to sound sympathetic.

“Yes!” Jane wasn’t about to cry any more, now she looked angry! “And I swear this one was worse than the last one! I didn’t think she was going to stop! At least I didn’t pee on her this time!”

“That’s good” I said, amazed that at least part of my dream had actually occurred.

“But then… then…” Jane’s voice increased an octave “This is the crazy part. She said since I couldn’t keep my Goodnite dry… and since I hid it from her…. I had to wear... this...”

With that she lifted the ankle length dress she was wearing just far enough to expose what she had on underneath.

I had to stop myself from audibly gasping.

Jane was no longer wearing a Goodnite. Where I saw pink and purple butterflies yesterday I now saw something much less… decorative.

“Is that a...” I whispered.

“It’s a diaper” Jane confirmed, “a REAL diaper! Like babies wear! Well, this one’s for adults… But still! I’ve never had to wear one of these before! I don’t even know where she got it from!”

It was hard telling.

“Your mom really is a ‘B’!” I said.

“Tell me about it!” Jane rolled her eyes.

Just then the five minute warning bell rang.

As we left the empty room and made our way to class, I couldn’t help but steal a glance or two (or three) at Jane’s diapered butt.

To every other kid in the hallway the diaper would have been unnoticeable. But since I knew they were there….

Well, let’s just say her butt was cuter that day than ever before, for someone who is just a friend that is….

Chapter 13: The Plan

One thing was for sure. If this fiasco between Jane and her mother continued for much longer it was going to have a definite effect on MY grades. For the second day in a row I found myself completely unable to concentrate in class. I just hoped that Jane would tell me more at lunch.

The first thing I noticed as we sat down at the same secluded corner table was that Jane was not eating.

“Not hungry?” I asked, assuming that she was probably too stressed to eat.

“No I’m starving!” Jane corrected me “I haven’t ate or drank anything all day!”

“Why?” I really wasn’t thinking it through this time.

“Well this… thing… I’m wearing, I can’t exactly just take it off and go to the bathroom can I? What goes in has to some out and I prefer for it not to come out in there…” She said rolling her eyes downward.

The full reality of the situation suddenly hit me.

“You mean she expects you to use it?” I said, stating what now was obvious.

“Yes! And I can’t even change until she gets home! She said since I was just going to wet myself anyway she could at least keep me from hiding it from her!”

“Oh my goodness Jane! That’s horrible!” I was genuinely concerned for my friend “How long do you have to do this for?”

“Just for today, thankfully” Jane replied “She said that if I learned my lesson today I could get my Goodnites back tomorrow. I never thought I would be glad to have THOSE back!”

“Well still, you can’t starve yourself all day.” I reasoned with her “You’ll faint! Don’t you remember seventh grade?”

Back in seventh grade Jane had really wanted a CD by a certain popular boy band. Her mom had refused to buy it for her so Jane came up with a plan where she would skip lunch each day and by the end of the week have enough money for the CD. The result, however, was that near end of the second day Jane passed out during math class and had to be taken to the nurse (she had incidentally wet her pants then too). Her mom had to be called and when she found out what Jane had been doing she was furious. Looking back on it I am certain Jane had gotten spanked that day as well.

“You don’t want to pass out again.” I told Jane “And you have to drink something, you could get dehydrated and REALLY sick”

“Okay.. Okay..” Jane relented.

She went through the lunch line and returned a few minutes later with an apple and a bottle of water.

“Happy?” she asked.

“Extremely” I replied, well at least it was better than her eating nothing at all I guess.

After Jane had eaten her apple and drank her bottle of water we said good bye and headed to our separate classes.

When I saw Jane after school got out she looked rather distressed.

“Why did you make me drink that water?” she said through gritted teeth.

“I didn’t want you to get sick” I reminded her “Do you have to…”

“Yes!” Jane said with a note of urgency “Come on let’s just get to your car!”

Several times on the way to the parking lot Jane stopped and seemed to be composing herself.

Finally, when we got to the car she started bouncing up and down on the edge of her seat.

“Why? Why did I drink that water? Why did I listen to you?” Jane cried.

“I’m sorry” I said “I was trying to look out for you”

“I have to PEE so BAD!” Jane moaned, losing all pretense of dignity.

“Look” I reasoned “Just go. It probably won’t be that bad. Your mom will be home soon and you can change.”

I wasn’t sure if I was telling her this because I didn’t want her to be uncomfortable or because I secretly relished the idea of Jane wetting her diaper in the seat right beside me.

Jane continued to fidget and bounce in the seat as we drove to her house. At one point she got very still and quiet. I wondered if she had finally lost the battle, but I dared not ask. I didn’t know how she planned on making it anyway; it was bound to happen eventually.

As I pulled up in front of her house Jane turned to me.

“Peter?” she said quietly “Can you come in for a bit? I need your help with something”

“Certainly” I told her “What do you need help with?”

“I’ll tell you once we get inside” Jane replied in almost a whisper.

Not quite sure what was coming next I followed Jane inside.

Chapter 14: Jane’s Request

Once in the house Jane turned to me.

“Mom took certain ‘measures’ to make sure I couldn’t take my diaper off by myself” Jane was looking at the floor her cheeks red, “I.. I.. have to go to the bathroom real bad. If I just had to pee, I would probably just go…. but I’ve got to… do something else”

“Oh, I see” I said. I was still not sure what she exactly wanted me to do.

“Well there is no way I can do THAT in my diapers. I mean… I know I’ve had lots of accidents before, but I’ve never… well I’ve always just wet myself, nothing else.” Jane couldn’t even say the word.

“So what do you want me to do?” I asked.

“Well…” Jane hesitated “….I can’t believe I’m asking you this!”

“Jane, we’re best friends! I would do anything for you!” I said, she probably had no idea how much I meant that.

“If you can help me…” Jane was still struggling with the words “If you can help me take this thing off I can go in and use the bathroom and then you can put it back on me.” She finished the last part quickly still looking at the floor, still blushing furiously.

“Are you sure, if your mother finds out….” I said skeptically.

“I know, I know” Jane knew what I was thinking “I can’t even imagine what she would do next! I’d probably have to wear these things the rest of my life!”

“Well I doubt it would be that bad. Still I wouldn’t want to test her.” I said. Images of my dream last night came to my mind.

“I’m just going to have to risk it” Jane said with resolve. “There is NO WAY I’m going to…. you know… in a diaper”

“Okay” I told her “Just tell me what to do”

I followed Jane into the living room where she hiked her dress up above her waist. That’s when I noticed something strange.

“Isn’t that on backwards?” I asked.

“Mom did that so it would be harder for me to take off” Jane explained “And look she marked the tapes so there would be no way I could line them back up even if I did get it off”

Jane turned around and showed me the back.

Sure enough there was a marker line through each tape and onto the diaper itself.

Jane went over and laid belly down on the couch with her dress bunched up under her and her diaper fully exposed.

“Peter please hurry” Jane said suddenly “I can’t last much longer”

All her modesty and embarrassment earlier seemed to be eclipsed by her desperation.

Completely stunned by what I was about to do I went over and started carefully undoing the tapes.

“Peter hurry!” Jane said again.

That’s when I realized something else shocking. The diaper was almost completely dry! Jane had somehow managed to hold it in all this time, a feat especially amazing for her!

I undid the last tape and Jane made a mad dash for the bathroom.

After about ten minutes she reemerged with a relieved look on her face.

“Thank you Peter” she said looking relieved, “I feel much better now”

She walked over and laid back down on the couch.

“All right, put it back on me. But be careful to get it lined up exactly right.” Jane instructed.

As I went to pull the diaper up between her legs I noticed her bottom was slightly red and sore looking.

“Gosh, your mom really did a number on you last night” I commented.

“I know, please just put the diaper on me” Jane responded suddenly seeming embarrassed again to be seen like that.

I finished taping the diaper onto her making sure all the lines matched perfectly.

“You know Jane” I said as she stood up and let her dress fall covering her diaper “I was thinking… Your mom probably EXPECTS you to be wet when she gets home. I mean she’s bound to know there’s no way you could make it a whole day without going. Don’t you think she might be upset if you are dry?”

“Oh no! I hadn’t even thought about that!” Jane exclaimed “That’s probably what she meant by ‘learn my lesson’ ! Oh well, there’s only one thing to do!”

With that she went to the refrigerator and grabbed a large bottle of soda and downed it on the spot.

Chapter 15: Jane's Desperate Struggle

An hour later I looked on in shock as Jane finished off her fourth large bottle of soda.

“C’mon, C’mon…. Darn it!” Jane cried spreading her feet apart and bending her knees slightly.

The effort Jane was putting into her task was etched across her face.

“I… just… can’t…” Jane said, sounding defeated.

“I’ve peed my pants, what? At least a thousand times!” she complained “And now that I need to, I just can’t go! Why won’t my bladder cooperate at least once?”

“I don’t know, I guess it’s just harder to pee on command.” I replied.

Jane dropped all pretense of modesty and lifted her skirt displaying her bone dry diaper.

She glared down at the offensive garment as she began massaging her bladder willing it to release its contents.

“I guess after so many years of having it pounded into my head that I’m not to pee in my pants it’s just not that easy” Jane admitted.

“I have an idea” I offered “Maybe you can trick your bladder into thinking it’s time to go. Since you are normally in the bathroom when you pee maybe you should try it in there. ”

“I’ll try anything at this point!” Jane said in desperation.

She walked out of the room towards the bathroom in the hall.

A few minutes later I heard her calling my name.

“Peter! Can you come in here please?”

“Yes?” I asked stopping outside the door.

“No, come in here!” Jane pleaded.

I pushed open the door and for the second time, in the same bathroom, was amazed at what I saw.

Jane was sitting on the toilet in just her diaper and her bra, the dress she had been wearing was laying discarded on the floor.

Seeing the shocked look on my face Jane blushed slightly.

“I didn’t want to take a chance on getting my dress wet.” Jane explained “If I accidently dipped it in the toilet I figured mom might know I was in here.”

Figuring it was not the right time to ask her if this was a regular problem, I stood there wondering why she had called me.

“Can you run some water” Jane asked answering my unspoken question. “I thought it might help me go.”

I walked over and turned the knob on the tap allowing cold water to splash down into the sink.

Jane closed her eyes and bore down trying to force any small amount of liquid into the padding between her legs.

I wondered if I should leave and give her some privacy, but decided to stay and provide ‘moral support’ instead.

“Just relax” I offered “Let it come naturally, you’re trying too hard”

Jane didn’t seem to mind my continued presence.

“It’s not that easy” Jane responded.

However, I could tell she had stopped pushing and her expression relaxed.

“Good, now just take some deep breaths and listen to the sound of the water” I prodded her gently “That’s it breathe… breathe…”

“Are you trying to help me pee or have a baby?” Jane laughed.

That did the trick, as I heard a hiss and looked down to see the wetness spreading through Jane’s diaper.

The two yellow strips on the front of the diaper turned blue as Jane kept peeing.

She peed for what seemed like several minutes before she finally stopped.

As Jane stood up the diaper sagged heavily between her legs.

“Gosh, I am soaked! I sure hope my mom gets home soon so I can change!” she exclaimed.

Suddenly she looked panicked “My mom! Peter! She’s going to be home any minute! You have to get out of here!”

“Okay, I’ll see you at school tomorrow!” I said quickly, stealing one last glance at Jane in her sodden diaper.

As I rushed out the door I couldn’t help but think how cute she looked standing there soaking wet.

Really cute, that is, for someone who’s just a friend of course.

I started my car quickly and drove down the street.

As I came to the end of the block Jane’s mom drove past me in her car.

I looked the other way hoping she wouldn’t notice me.

Chapter 16: Peter's Predicament

Thoughts of Jane and her mother faded from my mind as I got home and faced my own problems.

As I entered my room the strong smell of air freshener nearly bowled me over.

I had almost forgotten about my little accident last night, I sure hoped it was a one-time thing.

“Peter!” I jumped as my dad knocked on the door.

“My gosh Peter!” Dad gagged “What is that smell?”

“Air freshener” I replied, not sure what else to say.

“What have you done? Taken up smoking?” Dad said, elbowing me in the ribs. He was kidding of course, Dad knew me better than that.

“No, no” I reassured him “I, uh, found some old food I must have left in here. It really smelled bad, I guess I over did it with the air freshener!”

“Yeah, I would say so! Anyway dinner is ready, come on down.” He seemed to buy it, at least I hoped.

Still I opened a window before heading downstairs for supper.

Nothing else was said about my room or the smell of it for the rest of the evening. I figured my dad had not even given it a second thought.

Still I WAS thinking about it.

Though I was certain I wouldn’t wet my bed again tonight I couldn’t help but worry. I had already ruined one side of my mattress, if I wet the other side I’d get found out for sure.

My mom still changed my sheets sometimes and if she saw the stain on my bed…..

Well I didn’t even want to think about that!

I had to find some way to protect the mattress.

The plastic sheet that I used to keep on my bed had been thrown out years ago, so that wasn’t an option…

I didn’t have any Goodnites either. Unlike Jane’s mom mine hadn’t seen a reason to keep them around once I stopped wetting. I think she gave all the leftover ones to one of my younger cousins.

I sure wished I had one now…

But wait! I did! The Goodnites I had bought for Jane were still in the back of my car!

They were girl’s Goodnites of course, but still it seemed my only option, and a better one than wetting the bed again.

I went out to the car and retrieved a Goodnite from the pack. I tucked it into the waistband of my pants and pulled my shirt down over it.

After throwing my jacket back over the pack I went back in the house and up to my room.

I shut and locked my door before pulling the Goodnite out. Turning it over in my hand I examined it. It’s just like underwear I tried to tell myself.

Pink underwear with butterflies on it that is!

But no one would see me, I reasoned. Still I couldn’t help but feel slightly awkward as I slipped off my pants and boxers and pulled on the undergarment.

The fit was rater snug. I guess I had grown a bit since I last wore one of these, I thought.

‘It will have to do’ I told myself reasoning that I probably wouldn’t even need it. Before bed, however, I tucked a towel under my sheets just in case…

I woke up the next morning to the jarring sound of my alarm clock.

It took me a minute to come out of my haze and remember what I was wearing.

Not recalling any particularly racy dreams from last night I pulled back my blanket.

Sure enough I was completely…… dry.

I let out a sigh of relief. I wasn’t becoming a bedwetter again after all.

However I couldn’t help but feel a tad bit disappointed.

The conflicting feelings confused me. I knew I was glad to not have to deal with bedwetting again, especially when I was off to college in a few short months.

But still, something about it intrigued me.

I had always known that Jane’s accidents interested me, but I had never thought about having one of my own. The last time I wet the bed I was fourteen and I had NEVER done it on purpose. The thought somehow appealed to me though and I wasn’t sure why.

‘What could it hurt?’ I thought. After all I was wearing a Goodnite, I might as well use it for its purpose.

I relaxed and released my bladder. The flow started almost immediately, I was surprised at how easy it was.

‘See Jane’ I thought to myself ‘it’s not so hard!’

I finished peeing and got out of bed.

Immediately I noticed two wet spots on my sheets.

Feeling the back of my boxers I confirmed my fear. I had leaked!

Silently kicking myself I pulled the sheets from bed.

Luckily my backup plan had worked, the towel was wet but the mattress was dry.

I went into the bathroom and tore open the sides of the soaked Goodnite. It plopped to the floor with a wet squish.

I stepped into the shower and turned on the water.

After my shower I took the wet Goodnite and tied it in a plastic bag.

I gathered my wet sheets and headed down to the laundry room hoping no one would find it strange I was washing sheets two days in a row.

Then I went back to my room and got my school things.

As I left the house I tossed the plastic bag with my wet Goodnite in the curbside can. Fortunately it was trash day and all the evidence of my morning experiment would soon be gone.

Chapter 17: Jane Relieved

Arriving at school I wondered how Jane had fared last night. My question was soon answered when I arrived at her locker. She greeted me with a big smile.

“Well you seem to be in a much better mood!” I observed.

“I’m a big kid now!” Jane quipped.

“What?” I said, confused by her comment.

“I got my Goodnites back!” Jane whispered. “I would never have thought I would be happy to say that, but given the alternative….”

“So you got away with it?” I asked “Your mom didn’t suspect anything?”

“Nope! She came in and saw how wet my diaper was and just assumed I had been using it all day! She almost seemed sorry for making me wear it.” Jane said keeping her voice low.

“But not sorry enough to keep her from putting another one on me” she added ruefully “I just got these back this morning”

“She didn’t see me leaving then?” I checked “I passed her on the way out”

“She didn’t mention it, I’m glad you left when you did though. Imagine what she would have done if she came in and you were there with me standing in just a wet diaper!”

“Yeah, imagine” I said simply, remembering my dream from two nights ago.

The rest of the day was uneventful. Besides catching a few glimpses of Jane’s Goodnite sticking out of her pants nothing much exciting occurred. One time I thought I saw another girl looking at it too, so being a good friend I grabbed Jane’s shirt and tugged it down.

After school we got in the car and headed towards Jane’s house. For the first time in days neither Jane’s accidents or subsequent punishments came up in our conversation.

That is until we got to Jane’s house.

“Peter do you still have those Goodnites you bought?” Jane asked timidly.

CHAPTER 18: The Discovery

“They’re in the back seat” I replied “Why?”

“Mom asked about them this morning.” Jane said, adding “Don’t worry I didn’t tell her you bought them for me.”

“I told her that I walked to the drug store down on the corner and picked them up myself” she explained “She said since I spent my money on them I might as well not let them go to waste. So I have to keep wearing these things until both packs are gone. It doubled my punishment but I’m not going to complain after yesterday.”

As I handed Jane the pack of Goodnites from my back seat a thought occurred to me.

“Did you ever figure out how your mom knew you had switched them before?” I asked.

“No, I wish I did.” Jane replied “You want to come in for a bit? I promise I don’t have any unpleasant tasks for you today!”

“Sure thing” I replied. Unbeknownst to her I didn’t find her ‘tasks’ unpleasant in the least.

Once inside the house Jane set the bag of Goodnites down on the coffee table.

“I guess I’m lucky my mom didn’t ask to see them” she stated “I have no idea what I would have done then!”

“Yeah, lucky” I replied looking at the bag of Goodnites on the table.

I was still pondering how Jane got caught two days ago. Remembering how Jane’s mom had ‘secured’ Jane’s diaper yesterday gave me an idea.

“Jane, can I see one of your Goodnites?” I asked suddenly. “The ones you already had I mean.”

“I don’t have them” Jane responded “Mom has them locked in her closet. I guess she doesn’t trust me anymore, she’s giving them to me one at a time. Why do you want to see them anyway?”

“I think I might know how your mom found out we switched them” I explained. “There is the one you have on…”

“You want to see me in this thing again?” Jane looked at me strangely “Honestly Peter sometimes I think you LIKE seeing me in diapers!”

“No, no nothing like that!” I hurried to correct her “It’s just I think I know how your mom found out what we did…. Don’t you want to know?”

“I guess…” Jane said reluctantly “But this is the last time I give you an eyeful for a while, understand?”

“Jane, honestly I don’t WANT to see you in a diaper” I lied “I’m just trying to help!”

Jane stood up, unbuttoned her jeans and slipped them down past her knees.

“Well, do you see anything?” she asked somewhat impatiently.

“Not yet” I said as I walked a full circle around her studying the Goodnite.

I wasn’t seeing what I was looking for.

I moved in closer so my face was only inches from Jane’s posterior.

“What would you do if I cut one right now?” Jane teased, seeming to relax a bit.

“Don’t even think about it!” I warned. It was exactly the kind of thing she would do!

I reached out and ran my finger around the waist band of the Goodnite, folding it down slightly.

“Peter!” Jane gasped.

“Sorry, just checking something” I replied, letting go.

I didn’t see anything out of the ordinary, which left only one possibility.

“Jane you trust me right?” I asked.

“The fact that I am standing here with my pants down to my knees should answer that!” Jane retorted.

“I asked because I need to check something and you might find it a bit… uncomfortable” I explained.

“I’m pretty sure I have reached my max on embarrassment the past couple of days” Jane replied “What do you need me to do?”

“Sit down on the couch…” I started.

“Okay..” Jane sat down

“Now spread your knees apart” I finished.

Jane just stared at me for a minute.

Then slowly she spread her knees apart providing me with a clear view of the crotch of her diaper.

I knelt down in front of her and fingered the elastic bands around her legs.

“Peter this is getting kind of weird” Jane sounded slightly shocked.

“There it is! I found it!” I exclaimed standing up.

“Found what?” Jane asked quickly pulling her knees back together.

“I’ll show you, do you have a hand mirror?” I inquired.

“In the bathroom, do I have to leave my pants off?” Jane was starting to sound impatient.

“Just for a minute” I responded as I left the room.

I returned a minute later with the mirror.

“Look right here” I pointed

Jane parted her knees again as I positioned the mirror between them.

There between the leg gathers of the Goodnite was a small hand drawn star.

With the mystery solved Jane hurried to pull up her pants.

“I knew my mom was sneaky, but this just brings it to a whole new level!” Jane said astounded.

The rest of the afternoon was spent watching movies and eating snacks. I made sure to leave well before Jane’s mom was due home.

Chapter 19: Peter's Purchace

On the way home I started thinking about my own experiment with diapers earlier that day. The feeling of lying there in bed and just letting go went beyond description. It was something I was pretty sure I wanted to experience again. Too bad I had to give the Goodnites to Jane.

‘You know…’ I reasoned with myself ‘just because I didn’t wet the bed again last night doesn’t mean it won’t happen again… Maybe I should pick up something just in case.”

I pulled my car into the parking lot of the same drug store that I had bought Jane’s Goodnites at just a couple days ago. This time my trepidation was somewhat mixed with feelings of excitement.

Remembering that the Goodnites didn’t fit me very well I figured I should find something bigger. I thought about the ‘real’ diapers Jane had been made to wear.

Immediately I knew that I wanted to try them.

After making my way to the incontinence isle I searched through the various offerings.

I settled on a pack of over-night, extra absorbent medium briefs and I made my way to the front.

Secretly thanking the inventor of the self check-out I quickly made my purchase and left the store.

Fortunately, when I arrived home I found the house to be empty. I carried the pack of diapers upstairs and hid them in my closet. Resisting the urge to open the package and put one on, I decided instead to wait until bed time.

I hurried through dinner making idle conversation with my about school and such. After putting my plate in the sink I announced that I was tired and turning in early.

Going up to my room I locked the door. Excited and somewhat nervous I retrieved the package from my closet.

Pulling one ‘brief’ from the package I spread it out on my bed.

Taping a diaper on myself proved to be quite a bit more difficult than putting the one on Jane the previous day. After readjusting the tapes several times I managed to get it on snugly.

I pulled a pair of sweats on over top and climbed in bed. Just as I was getting comfortable my phone rang.

“Hello?” I answered

“Peter…” Jane’s voice came over the line in a whisper “There’s a Goodnite missing from the pack you gave me. What happened to it?”
