Moody Vika

Author: peeacsfan

*000*2024-04-21 14:26

There is one young couple among my acquaintances – he is twenty–seven, she is twenty-three. Nikolai is a gentle, modest and financially successful young man, and Vika is a young sexy and damn attractive young person: a little blonde who always looks eighteen years old. In addition, she is terribly jealous, often touchy, but at the same time, even at such moments, she manages to remain sexy. God forbid Kolya to go somewhere or look at another girl - what's there!- it's enough just to accidentally mention a woman's name in a conversation by carelessness - that's it! Scandal is assured! She will pout, take offense, whimper, and Kolya will start to calm her down, and in the end everything will do as Vika wants.

He was annoyed by everything several times. He was leaving. He said that forever. Then she would call him, and everything would go back to normal. It's fun to watch them from the outside, especially her. I remember how in the sauna she trotted with small steps in a short skirt and said, "Kolenka, bunny, where did you go without me? Wait!" Or standing on the street, "Well, Kolya, I'm already frozen, do something!". He calms her down, but, fortunately, he has learned not to take these whims too seriously.

In June, Vika wanted to go to Egypt. Kolya preferred to travel abroad in winter, but since she wanted to, it was useless to convince. The tickets are bought, the suitcase is packed and mostly filled with Victoria's things: panties, swimsuits, shorts, skirts, suntan cream and another small assortment consisting of accessories necessary for a girl. They were ready for the trip. Immediately on the day of departure, Vika urgently needed to buy another swimsuit. A few minutes of pouting, whimpering, and they were already in the store fulfilling her whim. On the way to the house, Vicky's gaze accidentally fixed on a watermelon that had recently been delivered to the vegetable store.

"Kolyusha, I want a watermelon," she said peremptorily.

- Yes, we will eat everything in Egypt, we will go soon, - Nikolai objected, but Vika confidently pulled him to the stall, and the young man once again gave in to his beloved. And just before leaving for the airport, the happy owner of a new bathing suit was biting into a huge piece of fresh and sweet watermelon.

"Dear, have a piece," Vika offered coquettishly, handing the slice to the young man. He didn't really want a watermelon, besides it was time to leave, but he bit off the purely symbolically sweet flesh. Vika happily started on the second piece.

- Have you forgotten anything, Zaya? "What is it?" she asked, rinsing her hands in the sink.

- I'm not, but did you take everything? I'm calling a taxi, it's better to leave early, I still need to go through customs, hand over my suitcases before boarding.

As usual, she ignored the information and packed the newly purchased item. The taxi service called. They said that the car would arrive in five minutes. Vika began to restore beauty in the bathroom, tinted her lips, and seemed in no hurry.

- Vic, are you coming soon? We're going to be so late! Kolya was worried.

- Wait a minute. I'm ready... that's it, let's go," Vika soothed him by spraying perfume on his earlobes. She looked sexy in her pink miniskirt, light tight skinny tights and a pink tank top. A real blonde!

- Shall we sit on the path? Kolya asked.

Vika nodded silently and sat down on the edge of the suitcase. Ten seconds passed.

- Shall we go? He jumped up, looked at his watch, opened the door and took out the suitcases.

- Let's go, dear, - looking into the mirror, straightening her hair, straightening her skirt on the way, Vika said. And already in the hallway she added, "Oh! I also forgot to go somewhere on the track... well, okay…It's bad luck to come back…

They went outside, put their suitcases in the trunk of a taxi, got in, and, anticipating a wonderful vacation, drove off. During the trip, they held hands like a young couple in love. Vika asked the driver to tune in some stupid radio with pop music, and periodically asked him to turn up the volume when she heard some stupid song. There was still plenty of time before boarding, but after driving halfway, Nikolai suddenly had an idea:

- Vika, did you take the tickets?

- No, why didn't you take it too?!

- I think they stayed in the hallway, I thought you'd take it…

- There you go! - Vika was upset – And what should we do now?!

- Let's go home, we'll still make it if we do it quickly, - looking at the clock, he replied decisively.

The taxi driver turned towards the house, and even entering the position, announced the new price, turned on the gas. Vika sat pouting capriciously, and Kolya glanced at his watch, figuring that he would have to act very quickly, otherwise he might be late for boarding. Soon they drove up to the house, Nikolai got out of the car.

"Wait, I'll come up with you," Vika said.

"Don't, I'll go quickly, stay here," he snapped, slamming the door sharply.

The tickets were right on the locker in the hallway.

"That's it, here they are," Kolya reassured Vika when he returned.

There was not much time left before boarding, and the whole trip was now at the mercy of the taxi driver. He made the music louder, but Vika was upset and angry at Kolya and at herself because of her absent-mindedness, because she was no longer happy with the uncomplicated pop songs.

- Kohl, well, I asked you, you didn't forget anything, you said you took everything, - Vika tried to scold him.

- Well, that's it, baby, we'll make it, it's good that we remembered in time, - he justified himself, - the main thing is to go through customs control right away, register, but we're in time, zaya, we have to make it.

- I hope ... - offended by not knowing who, Vika said in a moody voice, and, moving closer to the young man, she said softly in his ear with a claim and reproach, – and I also want to write!

They drove in silence for several minutes. Kolya was looking at his watch.

- How long before landing? Vika was nervous.

- It starts in twenty minutes.

- Well, as always!

- Don't worry, dear, we'll make it, the main thing is registration and customs, and then count on the plane. Everything will be fine," Kolya reassured her.

- Yeah, as always: "Vika, don't worry, everything will be fine," she mocked her young man, pouting again, acting up, "and the fact that I want to go to the toilet doesn't bother you at all!

- The sun, well, what can I do, we're driving in the car right now.

- Of course, do what you want, as always…

- Vika, why do you start acting up just before the trip?

- Maybe I shouldn't go at all then? I forgot my tickets, I can't go to the toilet! And how should I behave in your opinion?

- We'll be there soon, just be patient.

- How much is a little? Until my bladder bursts?

- Well, why are you talking nonsense? Vika, let's come, we'll go through everything quickly, and then we'll figure it out.

- So while we go through all these customs, I have to stand and suffer? You don't love me at all," she continued to play out the drama.

Nikolai understood this perfectly well, because he was used to such scenes. But Vika was acting up now not only because of the harmfulness, but because she foolishly ate a watermelon before the trip, and now she terribly wanted to go to the toilet, and tried her best not to panic, because she perfectly understood that they might miss the plane. But, by the way, she also suffered from the moment she left home.

Soon the young couple drove up to the airport. There was literally no time left. Kolya handed the tickets to Vika, and he paid the taxi driver, and without waiting for the change, grabbed the suitcase, and they quickly headed inside the premises. Vika could barely keep up with Kolya with her small-seeded steps in her uncomfortable high-heeled shoes.

"Darling, I can't keep up," she whimpered.

- Vika, the boarding is already over. We're about to be late.

- Yes, I heard it. I want to go to the bathroom, do you hear me? I want to go to the bathroom!

- Not now, there's no time!

- And what should I do then, I want to write…

- Be patient, there's no time now!

They handed over their passports and tickets for verification, and waited for the results. All that remained was to go through customs and hand over the suitcase. Vika stood there all dissatisfied and twitchy. The sponges curled into a tube more and more. Finally, Kolya was asked to present his luggage for customs inspection, and they walked towards the terminals. Vika looked around.

– That's it, I can't do it anymore, I'm going to look for a toilet, - continuing to mince after Kolya, Vika tried to draw attention to her problem.

- Vika, what's the toilet? The landing has already begun, they will not let us into the airfield if we are late now!

- I'm going to have an accident if I don't go to the bathroom!

- Be patient a little more, we'll be sitting down soon.

- Let's sit down. When am I going to go to the bathroom?

- Let's go to the airport now, there should be a toilet there... or we'll ask the security.

- And if it's not there? What should I do then? Keep in mind that I can't make it to the plane!

@@They came to the customs control. Kolya presented the suitcase. Vika did not continue to act up in front of the customs officers, silently stood next to Kolya, tightly clasping her hips. It seemed to her that the check was being carried out too slowly, the liquid was pressing heavily on the walls of the bladder, and sending SOS signals to Victoria's brain. At some point, she even stepped back, hid behind a Stake so that these customs officers would not notice how she shifted from one foot to the other and was almost dancing with impatience. It should be noted that from the outside, this picture looked very sexy and funny, although she was not aware of it, she did not even think at that moment about how she looked. And she was not up to it: watermelon, in addition to being sweet, turned out to be a very effective diuretic, which was very inappropriate for her. Very! Vika abruptly moved away somewhere and went to the sign near the customs office, which read about the order of baggage transportation. Finally, they were told that everything was in order and indicated where to go, warning that the landing had begun, and in theory they were not allowed to enter the airfield, so they needed to go right now.

- Kolenka, - Vika begged, - let's go to the toilet first, and then let's go, please!

- Vic, did you hear what they said? It is necessary to pass right now, otherwise they will not be allowed to reach the airfield!

- Kolya, I heard everything perfectly well, but I can't make it to the airfield! I don't remember, I think Lenka told me that there was no toilet there," Vika recalled the story of her friend, who went to Egypt six months ago, and also faced the same problem, which she told everyone she knew with horror, to which Vika then grinned, and thought to herself, "It's a pity that you I didn't piss myself," because deep down I didn't like her for the natural size of her impressive bust, which Vika herself would not mind having, but nature deprived her.

- Yes, your Lenka is a fool! I'm sure there is.

- And if not? In general, that's it, Kolya! If I wet myself, it will be your fault! Understood? I'll be very offended with you then," and as a sign of confirmation, Vika defiantly showed him what a desperate situation she was in, making an unhappy, doomed face. But it was too late to sulk. They had already passed through security, and ended up at the airfield. The landing was announced, the plane was ready to receive passengers, but the removable boarding ramp had not yet arrived.

- Kolya, are you a fool? Why didn't you ask them where the toilet was? Vika was acting up again, shifting from one foot to the other.

- So, why didn't you ask yourself? Kolya replied irritably, who was already tired of these whims and problems. At least in this amount in one day.

- Me? Well, it's over, it's me again!! Kolya, come on, I'm a girl!! He'll also think that I'm some kind of pussy! You're a man, finally take the initiative into your own hands, do you see what you've brought me to? It's your fault I'm peeing now!

Kolya came back and asked the guard where the toilet was.

- Sorry, there is no toilet for visitors at the airfield, there will be a landing soon, the toilet opens there during takeoff. But you can explain the situation to the stewardess, I think she will understand your position," the guard replied.

- Well, what is it, did you find out? Vika asked fussily, squirming like she was in a frying pan.

- In general, there is no toilet here, there will be a landing now and we need to tell the stewardess, she will open it.

- what??? Are you kidding me? Do you understand that I want to piss? Vika was indignant.

- Be quiet!

- I don't care, I'm going to sit right here! Or are you waiting for me to piss myself?!

- Well, let's go ask together again, maybe there is a service toilet. He took Vika's hand and they quickly walked back.

- Excuse me, my girlfriend urgently needs to go to the toilet, - Kolya said firmly to the guard.

"Young man, I've already explained it to you," he began, but Vika cut him off.

- Why don't you have any toilets at the airport? "with pretentious hysteria," she protested.

- Girl, we have toilets at the airport, but they are not provided at the landing sites.

- But while there is no landing, can I go for a while and then I'll come back quickly?

- No, girl, I'm sorry, but this is unacceptable. There are instructions, security measures against terrorism. Unfortunately, I can't help you in any way," the guard replied clearly and unshakably.

"Let me pay you the money," Kolya said, but the guard flatly refused. Nikolai tried to persuade him, but abruptly interrupted the conversation when he saw that Vika quickly scurried off somewhere to the side, and ran after her.

- Vic, how are you? Are you okay? "What is it?" he asked her, catching up with her.

- yes! It's fucking simple!!!, She replied irritably and resignedly. – I shouldn't have forgotten my tickets at home!

- I shouldn't have eaten watermelon before the trip! Kolya finally went berserk, wishing at that moment that he had gone alone or with friends to Egypt or somewhere else.

Vika whimpered, squatting down.

- Kitty, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to offend you, don't be offended by me, I love you anyway, - he softened

- Really? Aren't you mad at me? I'm really a fool, why did I eat this watermelon?! - entering the stage of calming hysteria, she wailed, wiping away tears. I sat in this position for half a minute.

- Well, that's it, I kind of endured it a little, help me get up.

"Thank God, the landing has already begun, so everything will be fine," Kolya said, holding out his hand to her.

They moved towards the plane. Vika, gathering her strength, held on to Kolya's elbow, and trotted along with her steps, trying not to betray her problem. They stood at the back of the queue, which was slowly climbing the ramp. Vicky's eyes were filled with sadness and longing, she was the sexiest and saddest blonde in the world. Soon she began to fall into a state of panic, turning into quiet terror:

- Kolya, I can't take it anymore! She whispered to him.

- Be patient, honey, there's not much left.

- Zaya, I can't take it anymore! Do you hear?!!

- That's it, baby, calm down, you're going now.

- If I'm not going up anywhere, do something!!!

- There's just a little bit left, there's nothing to do now.

- Well, come up with something, sss... do you hear? It's going to pour out of my ears! Vika announced anxiously, starting to shift wildly from one foot to the other.

- Be patient! It's almost there

- I can't! I'm going to burst! Ccc! Ah! I can't stand!! Ouch!.. - she said, abruptly pulling her hand back and walking away with a quick gait somewhere in the direction where there was a low shield. Kolya could barely keep up with her. When she reached the shield, Vika turned her ass to him and faced Kolya!

- Cover me! – she ordered, with a sharp movement she pulled off her panties with tights, lifted her skirt, sat down, and there was a loud hissing, and then a murmuring sound... Those climbing the ladder turned their necks, and looked with interest towards the blonde, especially the men. Nikolai stood red as a crab, as if he was doing something shameful, and not his faithful. Relieved, Vika walked confidently towards the plane, as if nothing had happened, and the young man slowly trailed behind. Five minutes later they were on the plane.

- Kolya! I'm thirsty! Order me some tea! Do you hear? She was acting up as soon as the plane took off.

