Omovember 2020: Day 30 (Final)

Author: PPP

*000*2020-12-02 03:15

$$

So, it's finally here. (A day late). The final day of Omovember 2020. It's been a hell of a ride doing a story a day. For the final one, we return to the land of Hyrule...

###

Day 30: Your choice: in the snow Selmie (Breath of the Wild)

###

If you asked anyone what the greatest sport in Hyrule was, you would invariably get the same answer: shield surfing. Whether being pulled by a sand seal or going it alone, there was nothing quite like the thrill of shredding snow and sand. Selmie, the Duchess of Downhill, knew this better than anyone.

Selmie stepped out of her cabin and the cold air of the Hebra Mountains greeted her. It was well below freezing, but the sun was out and there was no wind.

Good conditions, Selmie thought. Let’s make some powder. She returned to her cabin momentarily to select her shield. After debating for a moment, she decided on the Kite Shield. The Rito-designed shield wasn’t as durable as some of the others, but it handled like a dream. With her shield in hand, Selmie climbed up the nearby peak. Staring down at the steep slope below, she took a deep breath to prepare herself. Then, in one smooth motion, she jumped into the air and slid the shield under her. She was off!

Selmie shot down the slope like an arrow from a bow, laughing with exhilaration.

This is great! she thought, weaving between snowdrifts. I’m on track to beat my best time! Selmie continued surfing down the mountain at a lightning pace, white clouds trailing behind her. Before she knew it, the flags that marked the end of the course were in sight. Kicking out behind her, Selmie put on an extra burst of speed and slid between them, then leaned back, skidding to a halt.

One minute and fifty seconds. I did it! I beat my record!

Selmie cheered, a noise that echoed through the mountains. She sat down in the snow, taking a moment to catch her breath. In her relaxed state, Selmie realized something that her adrenaline had covered up: she needed to pee. Rather badly at that. Selmie groaned at the thought of holding it during her long trek back up the mountain. Then she had a better idea.

“Why not commemorate this record?” Selmie said to herself. She walked over to a large snowpile, took off her gloves and pulled down her pants, then her long underwear. The cold stung her bare skin, but Selmie ignored it. Instead, she took two fingers and spread her labia. She unclenched her urethra and a golden stream of pee flowed from between her legs, forming an arc and sending steam up where it hit the snow. Peeing while standing would be impressive, but Selmie wanted to go one further. As soon as her urine had marked the snow, she wiggled her hips and fingers, directing the stream in different directions. Growing up in the Hebra Tundra, Selmie had naturally learned to write her name in the snow. It was harder for a girl, and her legs had been soaked in many failed attempts, but she had gotten the hang of it eventually.

Selmie finished directing her stream just as her bladder ran dry. She wiped herself off with her glove, put her clothes back in place, and admired her work. On the snowbank, in sloppy but legible handwriting, three words were etched in yellow: SELMIE WAS HERE.

Not bad, thought Selmie approvingly. It would fade eventually and likely nobody would see it, but she had left an undeniable mark on the slopes.

###

THE END

