Exploring Bladders; A Huniepop fanfiction

Author: Pearisite

*000*2019-05-03 19:00

Kyanna got a call from her yoga instructor and friend Beli to come over to her house for a fun activity and to make sure to come with a full bladder for some "extra challenge". Kyanna did not like the idea of having to hold her pee without being able to use her hands or legs but she figured she could manage. She finished the rest of her water, refilled her,and got in her car.

As Kyanna pulled into the driveway she could her bladder starting to fill. When she stood up she squirmed a bit before she closed her door and went to ring the doorbell.

"Hey sister how you doing?", Kyanna asked in an excited tone.

"I am doing great. I have already set up the yoga mats so we can get started immediately" Beli said with an equally excited tone

Kyanna and Beli walk into the living room and sit on the mats. They decided to start small and just do some push ups ad push ups to get the blood flowing. They then did some yoga positions as Beli was there to remind her to stay hydrated. After an hour of working out both of the women were bursting.

"Beli i don't think i can do any more stretches without peeing myself" Kyanna moaned.

"Yeah you said it. I honestly can't believe we have been able to do this without a single leak. Anyway here comes the fun part" Beli said a grin. "Now come over here please" Beli said as she sat on the couch and took off her yoga pants revealing her

"Beli why are you taking off your pants?" Kyanna as she now stood in front of Beli.

"I am just getting comfortable. Now let me take off your for you. You seem struggling a bit more." Beli said as she moved her hands onto the edge Kyanna's pants. Kyanna only let out a nod and moan as a response. Beli then slid down the pants to show her yellow panties. Beli then placed her hand on kyanna's bladder. "Wow you are really full" Beli said in amazement. She suddenly got a wicked smile and poked Kyanna's bladder.

A moan was all kyanna could get out as she quickly pressed her hands against her pussy. "Beli please don't do that. I almost leaked", Kyanna exclaimed.

"I am sorry Kyanna i just could not resist. Now get on the couch before gravity subdues you" Beli said. Kyanna then slowly took her seat next to Beli. "How you holding up?" Beli asked

"Now that i am sitting i don't think i will leak in a while but the spasms are getting more frequent. How are you doing?" Kyanna asked who was now starting to admire Beli's body as she rarely her in such little clothing.

"I don't think i will leak in a while like you so we should be fine for awhile, and don't think i don't see you looking at me. I think we should get naked now and admire each other's bodies,and once we start feeling e might leak soon we can just back on our panties and bra. Sound good?" Beli questioned hoping Kyanna would say yes.

"I like that idea. But will be ale to put our clothes without leaking if we can't use our hands?" Kyanna asked not wanting to lose one of her motivations to not pee herself.

"Don't worry if you can't put on your clothes by yourself I can get on the floor and put them on and you'll help back on the couch, and of course you can do the same for me." Beli said with confidence.

"Ok it sounds risky but we should be able pull it off if worse comes to worse. Ok now that we got that figured I want to see you naked." Kyanna said as she swiftly removed her bra and panty with Beli swiftly followed.

"Wow you have an amazing body. Your slim hips, Your firm breasts, and nice ass" Beli said who is now thoroughly examining Kyanna who is doing the same back.

"You too. I would masturbate right now, but that wouldn't do much good to my bladder." Kyanna said as she did an over exaggerated sigh. "But I do something better I could do." Kyanna then suddenly put her right arm over Beli's should and then groped her breast.

"Oh Kyanna you think you can get away with that" Beli then used the same technique as Kyanna and now had control of Kyanna's left breast. Then she started to repeately rup her pinger over kyannas erect nipple.

Kyanna let out a soft moan and then she put he left hand over her pussy. "Oh god my nipple is so sensitive." Beli then stopped rubbing kyanna's nipple but still had a firm grasp on her tit. "Don't worry I won't leak. I am just putting my hand there to be sure. Now come on lets get back to it" As Kyanna said this she gently pinched Beli's nipple which cause to moan in a high-pitched voice.

"Oh don't think your so slick" Beli then resumed to rubbing and now occasionally gently pinching her nipple. Then continued this for about a minute.

"Ok I think we should stop and get our panties on" Kyanna then reached for panties.

"What about our bras?" Beli questioned as to why Kyanna would want to deviate from.

"Well I want to see my work" Kyanna said as she leaned next to Beli's left breast. She then sucked on it for 2 seconds. "Don't you?" Kyanna asked.

"Definitely" was Beli said in response. Kyanna tried to put on her panty but couldn't as she wasn't able to put them on while sitting without stretching her legs or leaning. Beli had the same problem.

"Looks we'll have to try that plan" Kyanna said nervously. "I'll go first as i don't know if I'll be able to do the plan if i don't do it quickly" Kyanna explained.

"Alright good luck" Beli said as she looked with worried eyes at Kyanna.

Kyanna first looked backwards towards the couch. Then she slowly lowered her body to a crawling position on the floor and got the Beli's panties from the sofa. "Ok raise your feet so I can put your feet through the holes" Beli did as comandedand Kyanna slowly started moving the panties up her legs. As the panties was right on her thigh Kyanna gave a quick kiss on Beli's womanhood and then moved the panties up the rest of the way. Kyanna then crawled to where she was first sitting. Kyanna then quickly stood with her hands as pressed as they good against her pussy and she quickly sat back down. " Oh god that was so hard. I almost leaked when i stood up"Kyanna exclaimed.

"Well its time to get your panties on" Beli said as she moved to the ground. Beli did the same technique as Kyanna included the kiss and then got back on the couch. "Ok we both got our panties on, but Kyanna are you sure your fine. Your legs were shaking when i put on your panties" Beli asked worried about the state of her friend's bladder.

"I am getting close to leaking Beli. I think I might start having to use my hands pretty soon. Are you doing any better?" Kyanna asked followed by a light moan.

"I am still awhile from a leak. I am going to go get something to help us out a bit. Be right back hunny." Beli then rose from the couch and immediately buried her hands in her crouch as ran to kitchen. Kyanna could Beli moan as she got something. Beli then came rushing back into the living room with small paper cups. "Here we go. Now you can pee into one now so we are more equal." Beli explained

"I don't know if I can do this. If I start peeing I don't think I'll be able to stop it without my hands.." Kyanna said as she was now shifting on the couch.

"Don't worry if you can't stop the leak just tell me and I'll use my hand to hold back the flow." Beli said as she moved her left hand to Kyanna thigh.

"Ok thanks Beli." Kyanna then moved her panties downward to her knee cap. She took one of the cups and put it close to her pussy. "You ready Beli?" Kyanna asked with a strained expression on her face.

"Yeah I am. Make sure to pee as slowly as you can." Beli advised. Kyanna then went into a more relaxed position on the couch. Beli then saw as a stream went into a cup. When the cup was near full the stream did not stop and in fact picked up speed.

"Oh god Beli I can't stop" Kyanna screamed. Beli acted quickly and moved her hand right in front of Kyanna's pussy. Her hand got soaked but the stream immediately died down. "Thank Beli. I think I will be fine for a while now" As Beli moved her hand away Kyanna brought it back to her pussy. "Hey I never said took your hand away" Kyanna moved her hand into Beli's panties.

"Kyanna what are you doing? You want me to leak early" Beli yelped as Kyanna made circular motions on Beli's inner labia.

"If I have to deal with damp panties so do you" Kyanna said as she pointed to the baseball sized mark on her panties." I am just making it even. Don't worry you won't have to deal with this for long your pussy seems to be to making ample juice"Kyanna explained as she now moved her fingers to the side of Beli's clit. Beli moaned as Kyanna saw her juices stick to the panties. "Wow Beli your panties are way more damp than mine can rub me a bit" Kyanna exclaimed astonished as the entire front of Beli's panties were damp.

"Yeah I can, but it was so hard to hold when you were rubbing me"Beli explained as she put he hand inside of Kyanna's panties and started circling her finger to the side of Kyanna's clit.

"Wow I see what you mean" Kyanna said which was followed by a moan. It took 15 seconds to get the rest of Kyanna's panties wet.

"Well someone is horny." Beli said as instead of removing her hand she moved her fingers to Kyanna's clit and started moving in a circular motion.

"Beli please stop it is getting hard to hold." Kyanna pleaded as she was moaning, and removed

"Ok Kyanna its clear you can't handle, but we can do something else" Beli said as she got up. She then ran into the kitchen and came back up with a cup of ice. Beli then got in a kneeling position and got rid of Kyanna's panties.

"Beli what are you doing?" Kyanna asked with a worried expression.

"I am just seeing how well you can hold" Beli said as she removed Kyanna's panties and took out an ice cube from cup. She put the ice cube on Kyanna's bladder which caused her moan.

"Beli I don't know if I can hold it for much longer", Kyanna said.

"Come on Kyanna you had to have a big bladder to hold it this long you can deal with the ice" She then slowly moved the ice cube right on Kyanna's clit. Kyanna was now squirming and squeezing her legs together. Beli then got a second ice cube on her second hand and gently rubbing it on her nipple.

"This feels so good and bad at the same time. I want to orgasm so bad but I if I do I'll leak. Please stop." Kyanna said with a sigh.

"Alright I am having trouble holding too anyway." Then with a groan Beli got up back on the couch. So how you doing?" Beli asked.

"I am going to have to use my hands soon and these damp panties make it so much harder" Kyanna complained now having to bring her legs together tightly to hold back the flood.

"Yeah I will have to use hands soon too. Anything you want to do before then?" Beli asked as she was out of ideas

"Well there is one thing i want to do" and with that Kyanna moved her hands behind Beli's head and shoulder kissed her passionately and BEli soon kissed back. Kyanna then withdrew from Beli's mouth and went to sucking Beli's erect nipple. Beli moaned loudly in response had to put her hands in her panties just to stop a leak caused from her shock. Kyanna then stopped sucking and gave Beli a quick peck before going back to her original position.

"Ok Kyanna I am going to piss myself if I let go and you turning me on isn't helping" Beli said.

"Well then you won't like this idea. How about we hold for each other. Its like a trust fall" Kyanna explained and then she went right next to Beli so their bodies touched.

"Ok sounds like a plan. Please put your hands quickly or I'll leak" Beli begged not wanting to be the first to leak.

"Don't worry I will. Now remove your hands" Kyanna commanded. Beli did as told and immediately let out a loud moan, but like Kyanna promised her hand now had a tight grip on her pussy and any fear of leaking was gone for now. Beli did the same as Kyanna but not before a quick pinch on Kyanna's nipple.

"Its hard to resist touching you right now" Beli said. Kyanna then loosened her push Beli's peehole.

"Does this make it easier to resist?" Kyanna asked in a seductive tone.

"Yes please push harder or I am going to pee" Beli pleaded. Kyanna did as asked and resumed her hard push against Beli's pee hole. Kyanna then used her free hand to touch Beli's bladder.

"Wow our bladder have gotten so big" Kyanna stated. She then put a little bit pressure on her bladder which caused Beli to squirm a lot and make a high pitched moan. "Wow even the slightest pressure and you can barely hold it. Lets put these hands somewhere else then" Kyanna states as she takes her free hand from Beli's Bladder to her nipple started pinching and pulling it.

"Your going to have to push my peehole harder than that if you want to do that" Beli as she constantly moaned from her sensitive nipples. Kyanna pushed as hard she could.

"Is that good?" Kyanna asked not wanting to be the reason Beli leaks.

"Yeah now keep going darling" Beli said which was immediately followed by moans. Kyanna then leaned and started to suck Beli's breast. After 15 seconds Beli's bladder went into a spasm and Kyanna had to stop.

"Kyanna its getting so hard, I think we should our own hands now", Beli said as both of the girls were not visibly struggling.

"Yeah lets switch on the count of 3. 1...2..3" As Kyanna said this they both pulled their hands out replaced it with their free hands.

"That feels much better. You know you don't have to be so close anymore" Beli noted.

"Well we if we want to warm up to dry these panties we got to so really close honey" Kyanna said as she put her free hand to wrap around Beli's hip and pulled her towards her. She then ran her finger over Beli's panties. "And they are really damp so its going to take awhile so you better not make them more wet ok" Kyanna commanded.

"I'm trying as hard as I can Kyanna,but thankfully our panties seem to be less damp" Beli said with as much enthusiasm as she could muster.

"Yeah thats good and all,but these spasms are getting really bad" Kyanna then all of sudden yelped as she put he free hand in her panties and squirmed for a few seconds. "Oh god I almost leaked. Beli you doing any better?" Kyanna asked hoping she would not be the first to pee.

"No,I am about to leak too. Any ideas on how to last longer?" Beli asked knowing that they won't be able to pee slow enough for the cup idea.

"Well there one thing we can try. Instead putting pressure on our pussies with our hands we can use each others bodies. Now let us get on the floor" Kyanna commanded and they were now sitting on the floor across from each other. "Now I'll sit on your left leg and you can push your pussy into my right thigh. Also lets get rid of these panties they are not helping much"Kyanna said as she took off hers and Beli's as she couldn't. Then Kyanna sat on Beli's pussy and put her right leg under Beli's right leg. Beli then pushed her pussy into Kyanna's leg as hard as possible. They then both put their hands around the other's hips to create as much pressure as possible.

"Wow Kyanna I did not know you wanted to cuddle so much" Beli said with a giggle.

"Who wouldn't want to cuddle with you and your perky breasts" Kyanna then she placed her hands on both of Beli's breasts "And they are firm too" Kyanna examined.

"Oh Kyanna you flatter me. Even letting me use your sexy body to hold my pee" Beli said pushing her pussy even harder to prove her point.

"Yeah if it wasn't for you I would pee myself. Though I hoped you're ready to get pissed on because I am about to burst" Kyanna said and she moaned quickly after and pushed her body harder into Beli. Beli pushed back to create more pressure on Kyanna's pussy. "Thanks now let me help you back" Kyanna said as she pushed her left thigh into Beli's wet pussy.

"Thanks hun I can last longer now. Hows your situation going?" Beli asked hoping her help is working.

"Its going better thanks to you. We should be about equal. I think at this point even if I wanted to I would not be able to get the bathroom in time" Kyanna said.

"Well if you went to the bathroom I would not be able to see you squirm" Beli said with a grin. "So are you having a fun time?" Beli asked hoping she was not wasting Kyanna's time.

"Surprisingly I am. I never knew I could hold for such a long time " Kyanna states as she has almost never had to hold a full bladder before.

"I have to hel like this before. I was on a road trip whe-" Beli was telling but was cut off by Kyanna's moans.

"Can we talk about this story later I don't think handle listening to it sorry" Kyanna stated.

"Its ok I should be the one apologizing" Beli said.

"Its fine just focus on holding your pee" Kyanna commanded both girls moaning at the mentioning of pee. "Beli I don't think I can hold it much harder" Kyanna cried with a strained expression on her face.

"Yeah me too. Once you start peeing over my body I don't think I can handle that" Beli cried with a similar strained expression stamped on her face.

"I did not even think of that. I'll try to hold for as long as I can " Kyanna stated not wanting to cause Beli to leak.

"I know you are trying your best and so am I. So when either of us leak should we jump off the person so they don't get pissed on or should stay together so the person leaking can try to stop it and the other person still gets pressure?" Beli asked knowing they don't have much time to answer.

"I like the latter option. We can't hold it without each other's thighs but we might be able to hold with the other peeing" Kyanna commented.

"Ok that makes sense" Beli added. Beli pulled Kyanna closed to her body and then Kyanna felt it a hot jet of pee. Kyanna pushed her thigh into Beli into Beli as hard as possible. Beli stopped peeing after about 3 seconds.

"I barely stopped that. You doing good with the pee on your leg?" Beli asked disappointed in herself how she was the first to pee.

"Its making a lot hard than I thought I would" Kyanna commented. She then started rubbing her pussy back and fourth on Beli for a few seconds. "Oh sorry I just had a really bad spasm. Hey don't feel bad I am about to piss myself too" Kyanna said.

"Thanks and feel free to use my body however you want to hold your pee" Beli said as she started moaning loudly again. "I c-can't hold it anymore" Was Beli as she released a jet of pee. She stopped it shortly however another spurt came out which lasted a second for a split second which. Kyanna was unable to control her bladder for a split second and ejected a small amount of urine. This however combined with the small puddle under Beli was enough to make leak again. She released her pee this time for 5 seconds before briefely stopping. She tried to close her pee hole but was unable too and the flood gates opened as Beli peed herself for about 10 seconds as she moaned the entire way through from the relief. This created a massive puddle under both Beli and Kyanna but Kyanna was miraculously holding on. "That felt so good", Beli said with a huge grin on her face.

"Hey Beli open your eyes I am about to pee myself and I am sure you want to see" Kyanna said with a small grin on her face.

"Of course but if I want to see it all I will need to remove my thigh" Beli stated. Kyanna furiously shook her head but Beli withdrew her legs anyway. Kyanna's ass now made contact with the puddle and this was too much for her as her pee hole opened. She released pee for about 5 seconds before stopping it. That did not last long though as like Beli she could not close her pee hole fully and started to pee again. She could do nothing to stop the onslaught of pee coming out of her other than moaning. She stopped after a staggering 14 seconds.

"Wow Kyanna you have such an incredible bladder. You won't be so lucky net time though" Beli said.

"We will see. How about next time we can do this in the bedroom for some more intimate warm up exercises" Kyanna suggested with a wink.

"Definitely, but speaking of the bathroom we need to clean up" Beli said as she used her fingers to indicate to come to her.

"Coming" Was all Kyanna said as she got in the shower.

*002*2019-05-08 00:22

{{On 5/6/2019 at 1:42 AM, RagingPython said:

And may have to use a similar idea myself someday.

}}

What do you mean by that?

*004*2019-05-09 00:59

{{4 hours ago, RagingPython said:

Well the intro to this was really hot, but it was the rest of it that I didn’t enjoy. So I’m thinking I’ll write an intro similar to the one from this story and write a fanfiction I can enjoy using it.

}}

Oh alright

