The loyal soldiers

Author: psyboss

*000*2025-05-12 17:06

I have been following this forum anonymously for 8 years, I mainly read stories and have never written any content here. I have been using AI to satisfy my thoughts for a while and I think it is time for me to join this forum as a writer. This story is mostly written by AI, the content of the story is a part of my fantasy. My English is not good and please note that this story is written based on patriarchal society, extreme intolerance, chastity cage, sounding, plug and unrealistic.

Both writing and translation are mostly done by AI so this story may have errors (a lot), especially in logic and grammar, and i'm not good at english so it's hard to check, if you see any errors, please comment below, i will check again, thank you very much for your contribution.

Introduction

Beneath the magnificent dome of the Aethelgard kingdom, where the solemn King Lothar reigned, existed a legion of valiant warriors. Forged in unyielding armor, they stood as symbols of unwavering strength and absolute loyalty. To demonstrate reverence and admiration for the king's singular authority – he who possessed the very essence of a monarch – each warrior donned armor featuring an intricately crafted chastity belt, a urethral sounding tube to prevent any urination, and a discreet anal plug, permitted to be removed only upon completion of their noble duty and departure from the palace. This was not a form of bondage, but rather a testament to their iron discipline and unwavering focus on the task of safeguarding the realm.

From the ranks of zealous young men selected for their potential, they were honored to become part of this elite force. They embraced this regulation as an inherent aspect of their training, a trial to temper their will and unparalleled loyalty. The armor served not only as a formidable defense but also as an emblem of their steadfastness, enveloping them in security and absolute concentration. The chastity belt and the discreet plug were constant reminders of the king's supreme position, the wellspring of all power and protection.

The armor of the Aethelgard warriors was a masterpiece of the smith's art, crafted from gleaming, tempered steel plates that hugged the body like a second skin. Every detail was meticulously calculated to ensure both optimal defense and the enhancement of the wearer's powerful and majestic physique.

Cotton undergarments with thick attached leggings absorbed the soldiers' sweat and prevented soiling of the armor, featuring an opening in the back that prevented the soldiers from removing them independently, requiring the assistance of a serving maiden.

The soldiers still had to wear their full uniforms, consisting of thick khaki trousers and tunics, socks, and high leather boots with belts. The uniforms had to remain complete and neat beneath the armor to demonstrate their high level of discipline. At the beginning and end of each day, the commander would inspect their uniforms, and any discrepancies would result in severe punishment for both the soldier and the serving maiden. Furthermore, the punishment for the maiden was twice as harsh as that for the soldier due to the patriarchal system, where male authority was immense. Additionally, the soldiers held the highest rank among those serving the king, thus their punishments were significantly lighter.

The torso section, comprising a solid breastplate and backplate seamlessly connected to the groin area, was engraved with exquisite patterns depicting fierce beasts or the kingdom's symbols of power, representing strength and loyalty. This was the largest and most secure part of the armor. The soldiers had to step into the armor, and the locking mechanism was located at the shoulders, effectively sealing the entire torso into a single metal unit. This further underscored the king's strictness, not only locking the penis and anus but also completely blocking access to these areas. The shoulder, elbow, and knee joints were designed for flexibility, allowing the warriors to move fluidly and execute complex combat maneuvers. Sturdy clasps and high-quality leather straps kept the armor firmly in place, preventing any shifting during intense battles. With a locking system based on intricate mechanical details and robust padlocks, no soldier could remove any part of this armor independently.

Gauntlets and boots were constructed from multiple layers of metal and leather, protecting the hands and feet from impacts and injuries. The finger and ankle joints were designed to maintain dexterity in wielding weapons and moving across any terrain. All parts were connected by an advanced mechanical system, completely restricting the soldiers' ability to remove their armor while on duty.

The focal point of attention was the chastity belt, crafted from polished metal, often silver, with delicate engravings. It snugly encased the penis, secured by a robust metal ring. A sounding tube made of rubber, ensuring the soldiers' health, was attached to the tip of the belt, completely sealing the urethra. The locking mechanism was meticulously designed. The chastity belt could only be opened by using heavy-duty shears to cut it off after the soldier had completed ten years of service to the king. When locked, it imparted a cold, firm sensation, a constant reminder of the rules and order.

Similar to the chastity belt, the anal plug was made of rubber to ensure the soldiers' well-being. It had a tapered, rounded shape that fit snugly into the anal sphincter and was held in place by a small strap system connected to the lower part of the armor. This plug provided a sense of complete sealing and was an inseparable part of the purity demanded by the king.

The process of donning the armor was a meticulous ritual, requiring seamless coordination between the soldier and his personal serving maiden. The soldiers held the highest rank among the servants and were therefore entitled to their own attendants. Besides assisting with the donning and removal of the armor, their personal maidens also had the duty of serving them water according to the king's regulations. Every two hours during their watch, they would serve 300ml of water to the soldiers on the morning shift and 200ml to those on the evening shift.

The donning phase: Chastity belt and anal plug: This was the initial step and demanded absolute precision. The chastity belt was carefully positioned, the metal ring tightened just enough to secure it without causing discomfort. The sounding tube was then inserted and locked with a highly intricate padlock. The anal plug was also gently inserted and secured with the strap system. Preparation: The armor components were carefully arranged in the order of donning. The soldier stood upright, ready for the process. Torso assembly: Each piece of the torso armor was carefully placed, and the clasps and leather straps were precisely tightened to ensure a snug and secure fit. The assisting maiden had to ensure there were no gaps that could endanger the soldier. Arms and legs: The arm and leg armor pieces were carefully slipped on, connecting to the torso. The pins and straps were thoroughly checked to ensure flexibility of movement while maintaining a high level of security.

Once all parts were assembled and locked, the attendant would conduct a complete inspection, ensuring no clasps were loose, no straps were twisted, and no parts hindered the soldier's movement. This process typically lasted about an hour, reflecting the care and importance of the armor to the warrior's safety.

The removal phase usually took about an hour and a half due to the complexity of the locking mechanisms and the need for careful manipulation to ensure the wearer's absolute safety. After the armor was completely removed, the attendant would re-examine the soldier's body to ensure there were no marks or injuries caused by the armor.

Overall, the armor was not merely a protective tool but also a symbol of discipline, loyalty, and reverence for the king's authority. The chastity belt and anal plug were considered an integral part, a testament to the absolute obedience and powerful ethos shaped according to the king's will.

In King Lothar's view, male energy was not simply a physiological aspect but also a source of strength, determination, and latent courage within every man. The locking of the penis was seen as a method to accumulate and preserve this precious energy. Instead of dissipating it on personal desires, this energy would be compressed and maximally focused, ready to erupt when needed to protect the king and the safety of the palace.

This was a unique philosophy, suggesting that physical restraint would lead to greater mental and spiritual fortitude. The warriors, with their accumulated energy, would become more resilient, focused, and decisive in all their actions. They would fight with an indomitable spirit, undistracted by personal desires, and solely focused on the noble goal of protecting the monarchy and the peace of the land.

This belief also demonstrated respect for and elevation of the soldiers' latent power. The king believed that by purifying their energy, he could maximize the fighting potential and unparalleled loyalty of the Aethelgard legion. The chastity belt, therefore, was not just a disciplinary measure but also a symbol of focused energy, latent power, and absolute loyalty to the king and the kingdom.

With a 12-hour work shift, plus the time for donning (1 hour) and removing (1.5 hours) the armor, the total time they were bound to their equipment was at least 14.5 hours each day, and certainly longer with the execution of rituals during their watch. The fact that the urethral sounding tube was only removed when they left the palace meant that the warriors faced a significant physiological challenge.

*001*2025-05-13 03:18

The first day - part 1

Among the kingdom's most esteemed sons was Kaelen, a young warrior of unwavering will and valiant spirit. He perceived this regulation not as a constraint, but as an opportunity for self-discipline, to become an even stronger and more loyal warrior. An exceptional soldier, he and over 100 comrades had graduated from the military academy and entered the palace to serve the king. Their living quarters were situated around the palace, ensuring the absolute safety of the monarch and the royal grounds.

On his first day of guard duty, as the initial rays of dawn crept through the window frames, Kaelen awoke with a refreshed feeling after his brief slumber. The army here mandated that soldiers sleep in their full, formal uniform (including boots and belts) to demonstrate vigilance and readiness for any situation, so he was already accustomed to this. He swiftly performed his morning rituals, lining up to relieve themselves and bathe communally with his fellow soldiers. The urination ritual also clearly demonstrated the order here. Four standing urinals were positioned solemnly in the small hall. Soldiers lined up neatly and waited for their turn to urinate. When it was their turn, the commander would give the order "prepare," and the first four soldiers in line would undo their belts, ready their penises, and aim at the urinals, awaiting the command.

After the order "urinate," streams of urine would begin to flow from their penises. Upon finishing, they would automatically redress their uniforms neatly and leave, allowing the person behind them to relieve themselves. Although in their first year of enlistment, this urination ritual occurred five times a day, it decreased to four in the second year, and now, in their third year of service, it happened only three times a day. Furthermore, the discipline was evident in that if a soldier did not appear and line up within two minutes of the order to gather for urination, the hall doors would close, and they would forfeit that opportunity, hoping for luck in the next one.

The urination schedule was as follows: the first time upon waking - 4:30 AM, the second time at 1:00 PM - right before the afternoon training session, and the last time at 9:00 PM - before going to sleep. This regular and sparse schedule had allowed them to develop a bladder capacity superior to ordinary people; in fact, three times was quite comfortable for those in their late third year like them. Today, they had advanced to a new rank - guards for the palace of King Lothar, the ruler of the kingdom.

Due to his confidence in his bladder control and his innate "steel bladder," Kaelen had stood at the end of the line since they first enlisted; he had never lost control even once before. Along with that, he felt that the upcoming duty could not possibly challenge his large bladder. Although all soldiers in the barracks underwent strict bladder training, they all understood that those who stood at the end of the line were truly the strongest, able to stand near the urinals and hear the commander's continuous "urinate" commands without leaking even a drop. Although he had never tried, Kaelen also felt that he genuinely could not urinate without the commander's order, a rather dangerous thing considering he could not release his bladder under his own control. But who cared? He was determined to serve in the army his entire life, and as he had declared, "urination is an utterly trivial matter for a man like me, not even as important as sexual intercourse."

After completing the early morning urination ritual, he took a measured sip of water, just enough to quench the thirst of the long night. At this moment, his bladder was completely deflated, like a soft and empty leather pouch. His serving maiden provided him with a nourishing breakfast and then accompanied him to the barracks gate, where the soldiers gathered before their commander and donned their imposing armor, a symbol of the masculinity and strength that every man in the kingdom coveted.

While having breakfast, the maiden gently asked him if she could relieve her bladder. Kaelen agreed, and the maiden quickly thanked him and hurried to the latrine for serving maidens at the far end of the barracks. This place was much more dilapidated and difficult to access than the men's latrine in the barracks, and there was only one urinal for women, even though the number of serving maidens was greater than the number of soldiers in the barracks due to some commanders owning two or more maidens. When she arrived at the women's latrine, there was already a long queue. They could only accept this as reality, as there was only one female urinal. Although they tried to urinate as quickly as possible, Kaelen's maiden still had to spend over fifteen minutes waiting, and she rushed back to serve her master as soon as she had relieved herself.

The maiden assisted him in donning the heavy armor, a process that lasted a full hour. Kaelen felt no sensation from his bladder. It lay dormant within his pelvis, its smooth muscle walls pressed together. Only a small amount of urine had been filtered by his kidneys in the short time since he awoke, not enough to create any pressure or sensation.

The first step was the fitting of the secured chastity belt and anal plug. From this moment onward, the chastity belt would remain on the new recruits and would only be removed when they no longer served the military, a decision reviewed every ten years. Therefore, this was a rather sacred ritual, and the chastity belt was sealed with molten metal, ensuring it could not be removed for any reason. He knew that he was now a possession under the king's authority, his every action strictly controlled, and even a minor infraction could result in castration. Kaelen felt a distinct change in his body, though it was entirely unrelated to his bladder. The external confinement made him more aware of his posture and balance; the armor felt more cumbersome than during training. His bladder remained empty and quiet, ready for a long day of duty.

The boots on his feet gave him a peculiar sense of satisfaction. Thick socks and leather boots had been mandatory accessories during training, but now the addition of sturdy steel boots on the outside made him feel as though they were a symbol of strength and power. A man in a patriarchal society like his quite enjoyed the feeling of power, as well as sexual relations with women, but now his loyalty was even greater than his desire for intercourse, to the point where he would rather accept the chastity belt than be discharged and return home to marry.

With years of experience, the commander knew that drinking water early was crucial to prevent dehydration and fainting while on duty. He ordered them to drink 300 ml of water and began to line them up to prepare for their shifts. Kaelen was assigned to guard Gate E, a rather sunny post that made him apprehensive about enduring the heat in this rigid armor. This would likely cause him to sweat profusely and lose fluids, and he now understood why they were replenished with 300ml of water every two hours. His bladder was still like a blank page, with no "words" yet written on it. It was completely relaxed and caused no distraction.

First hour (6:00 - 7:00):

Kaelen maintained a stern posture, his gaze fixed on the activity outside the gate. Servants began their day, hurrying in and out of the palace to prepare for their tasks. The sunlight gradually intensified, shining directly onto his armor, causing warmth to begin spreading throughout his body. Sweat beaded on his forehead and back, soaking the undergarments beneath the armor. His bladder remained completely empty, causing no distraction. His intense focus on his duty helped him temporarily ignore the discomfort of the weather.

Second hour (7:00 - 8:00):

The temperature began to rise significantly. Kaelen clearly felt sweat trickling down his spine. The armor grew as hot as a small furnace. He tried to keep his breathing steady and slow to reduce fluid loss. His bladder remained quiet. He observed the flow of people through the gate, not a single detail escaping his watchful eyes.

At 8:00 AM: Precisely at the appointed time, a young serving maiden, with a solemn expression, approached Kaelen. She gently knelt and offered a silver cup containing 300ml of cool water. Kaelen gave a slight nod, a small gesture of acceptance. He slowly took small sips, feeling the cool liquid soothe his parched throat, alleviating some of the heat. This amount of water was quickly absorbed by his body, and a small portion began to filter down to his bladder, but it was still insignificant. After finishing, he returned the cup to the maiden, who bowed and retreated to her waiting position.

Third hour (8:00 - 9:00):

The heat became more oppressive than ever. The sun seemed to pour fire down onto the earth. Kaelen felt sweat pouring out even more, dampening his sideburns. The discomfort inside the armor increased, but he maintained his posture, his eyes unwavering. The water he had drunk earlier began to accumulate in his bladder; a mild sensation had begun to appear, but it was still completely manageable.

Fourth hour (9:00 - 10:00):

The bright sunlight shone directly on Gate E, casting Kaelen's long shadow on the stone pavement. Sweat streamed down his face, stinging his eyes. He tried to blink frequently to keep his vision clear. The urge to urinate became more pronounced. By this time, he had consumed 800ml since the beginning of the day (200ml upon waking, 300 + 300ml since the start of his shift). His bladder had accumulated a moderate amount of fluid, enough that a normal person would need to relieve themselves. However, he knew he had to wait until the end of his shift.

At 10:00 AM: Right on time, the maiden reappeared, carrying the second cup of water. Kaelen again drank slowly, feeling the coolness spread through him. This water continued to be absorbed, and his bladder received another small influx of liquid. The feeling of fullness eased somewhat after drinking, but he knew that for the remaining eight hours of his shift, he would have to continue to contend with the heat and the accumulating fluid in his body. The first four hours under the sun at Gate E were a test of physical and mental endurance, but Kaelen stood firm, a loyal and dedicated soldier.

Fifth hour (10:00 - 11:00):

As the cool water flowed down his throat, Kaelen felt an immediate refreshment, like a gentle breeze through a parched desert. But soon after, his attention was drawn to his lower abdomen, where his bladder was silently but steadily expanding. No longer was it the initial mild sensation of fullness, but an increasing pressure, a presence that was difficult to ignore. He now clearly felt the friction between his bladder and the belt of his uniform, which was beginning to feel tight against the growing volume of liquid within his bladder, as well as the tightness and rigidity of the torso armor. These sensations served as a reminder of the strict discipline he had to adhere to, allowing no lapse in his duty.

Kaelen's bladder at this point was like a soft water pouch, its smooth muscle walls straining to accommodate the increasing volume of fluid. The pressure receptors on the bladder's surface began to send more urgent signals to his brain, a silent melody that grew increasingly insistent. The feeling of fullness was no longer limited to his lower abdomen but radiated to his flanks, creating a mild pressure on his lower back.

Kaelen tried to adjust his posture, slightly shrugging his shoulders and taking deep breaths, hoping to alleviate the discomfort. The urge to urinate became more distinct, like a persistent but hushed call. He had to use his strong will to push it aside, focusing on the slightest movements around Gate E. Every footstep of passersby, every small sound, was registered in his mind as he tried not to let the internal "disturbance" affect his vigilance.

Sixth hour (11:00 - 12:00):

As the sun reached its zenith, pouring a blinding light and scorching heat onto Gate E, the discomfort in Kaelen's body also escalated to a new level. Sweat streamed down, soaking the lining of his armor, creating a heavy and stifling sensation. But the real "occupation" was taking place in his lower abdomen.

Kaelen's bladder had now become a taut sphere, its expanded walls making the need to urinate undeniable. The internal pressure increased slightly, creating a heavy but dull ache that radiated throughout his lower abdomen and lower back. Every small movement, even a furrowed brow or a tilt of his head, made him more acutely aware of the full presence of the liquid.

The urge to urinate was like a persistent whisper, a physiological need trying to break through all barriers of willpower. Kaelen had been trained in bladder control as a cadet in the military academy, and he was quite proud of his bladder control and his "steel bladder," but now he felt quite anxious about having to hold it for another six hours of his shift. He continued to endure, trying to focus all his attention on his guard duty. He fixed his gaze on a distant point, trying to "tether" his mind to it, not allowing it to wander to thoughts of the impending relief.

The feeling of fullness occasionally turned into a sharp twinge, like tiny needles pricking his lower abdomen. He unconsciously tightened his abdominal muscles, a subconscious effort to resist the increasing pressure. Time seemed to stand still; each moment became heavier and more difficult than ever. By this point, he had consumed 1.1 liters, and he began to dread the prospect of more water every two hours.

(12:00 - 12:15) - A Fleeting Lunch Break:

As the bell signaling the midday break echoed, a mixture of anticipation and apprehension stirred within Kaelen. He and the relief shift of Gate E guards made their way to a stone table tucked away in a secluded corner of the palace courtyard. Under the scarce shade, they quickly retrieved their pre-prepared rations. The stifling heat radiating from his armor still enveloped his body, and the thirst after six hours under the relentless sun was truly tormenting.

His gaze fell upon the pitchers of cool water on the table, and a strong urge surged within him. However, the memory of the king's stringent regulations regarding urination within the palace grounds immediately curbed any intention of drinking freely. He knew the price to pay for violating such a taboo. Therefore, Kaelen only dared to take a small sip of water, just enough to moisten his throat and help him swallow the dry, coarse meal. The feeling of thirst remained, but he was determined to endure it. His bladder already held a significant amount of liquid, and drinking more would only exacerbate the burden. The lunch break passed quickly and silently, each soldier striving to eat hastily to return to their post.

Seventh Hour (12:15 - 13:00):

After a brief fifteen minutes, Kaelen returned to his guard post at Gate E. The sun still blazed intensely, and the heat from his armor once again enveloped him. The sensation of pressure in his bladder had not lessened; on the contrary, after the small sip of water, it seemed even more pronounced. Sweat began to bead on his brow again, and the discomfort returned. He tried to focus on his duty, but the urge to urinate grew increasingly difficult to ignore.

Eighth Hour (13:00 - 14:00):

The sun had now reached its zenith, scorching everything below. Stifling heat rose from the ground, and the iron armor became a veritable furnace. Sweat poured down like a torrent, stinging his eyes and blurring his vision. The underlayers of his armor were soaked through, clinging uncomfortably to his skin.

The signs of dehydration began to manifest clearly. Kaelen felt his throat dry and scratchy, his head slightly dizzy, and a wave of weariness washed over him. He tried to take deep, steady breaths, but the hot air seemed to offer insufficient oxygen. He regretted not drinking more water during the meal, yet an even more pressing sensation was the alarming fullness of his bladder. The heavy, distended feeling in his lower abdomen was a constant, insistent demand for immediate relief. It seemed the dehydration was making it harder for him to focus on controlling his bladder; he had to exert all his willpower to suppress the urge, trying to concentrate on his duty, but the physical discomfort grew increasingly overwhelming. He told himself, just a few more hours, he had to persevere.

Precisely at 2 PM, Kaelen's personal attendant approached silently, still carrying the familiar silver cup containing 300ml of cool water. A hint of concern touched her face as she noticed the beads of sweat still trickling down Kaelen's temples, even though he stood in the shade.

Kaelen gave a slight nod, a small gesture of gratitude. He reached out and took the cup, the cool sensation of the metal through his gloves sending a slight shiver down his spine. Bringing the cup to his lips, he slowly sipped the cool liquid. The refreshing water flowed down his parched throat, bringing an immediate sense of relief, soothing the persistent thirst that had lingered throughout the midday hours.

As the water reached his stomach, a pleasant sensation spread through his body, dispelling some of the fatigue and heat. However, in his lower abdomen, Kaelen distinctly felt the "replenishment." His bladder, already full after the initial sip of water and the continuous filtering by his kidneys, now received a fresh influx of liquid.

The feeling of fullness intensified. Like a balloon inflated a little further, the internal pressure increased, creating an even stronger urge to urinate. Kaelen subtly grimaced, trying to suppress the sensation. He knew that while his thirst had been quenched, the real challenge still lay ahead. The water he had just drunk served as a reminder of the remaining hours of his shift and the patience he would need to maintain. He returned the cup to the attendant, a fleeting smile on his lips a silent thank you, then turned his gaze back towards Gate E, continuing his guard duty with an ever-increasing "burden" within his body.

Ninth Hour (14:00 - 15:00):

Suddenly, a welcome change occurred. The sun, having reached its peak, began its descent towards the west. The harsh sunlight gradually disappeared behind the towering wall directly behind Kaelen. A cool shade enveloped his guard post. The stifling heat lessened significantly, as if by magic.

The sweat on his body began to dry, and the discomfort from the temperature noticeably decreased. The dizziness and fatigue also subsided. Although his bladder remained full and insistent, at least he no longer had to endure the scorching heat. This change brought a glimmer of hope and renewed strength to Kaelen. He felt more invigorated, and his concentration improved. The cool shade was like an encouragement, giving him more strength to continue his shift, even with the "burden" he still carried within. He knew that in just a few more hours, he would be relieved.

Tenth Hour (15:00 - 16:00):

In the gentle shade, Kaelen felt a slight physical relief after many hours under the intense sun. However, the "presence" of his full bladder remained a constant reminder. It was like a heavy water balloon, occupying his entire attention. The urge to urinate became persistent, a dull but relentless pressure in his lower abdomen, radiating to his lower back.

Kaelen tried to maintain focus on the people passing through Gate E, but at times the discomfort pulled his mind inward. He could clearly feel the stretching of his bladder walls, as if they were trying to contain a volume of liquid beyond their capacity. He silently counted down the minutes until his final water intake at 4 PM, partly hoping the cool water would help him stay alert during the last hour of his shift, but partly dreading the increasing pressure within his body. He tried to adjust his breathing, searching for the most comfortable standing position possible in his heavy armor, but all his efforts seemed futile against the strong "protest" from his bladder.

Precisely at 4 PM, Kaelen's personal attendant reappeared, carrying the familiar silver cup containing 200ml of water. Her gaze was gentle, perhaps accustomed to the weariness and extreme patience of the soldiers at the end of their shifts. Kaelen took the cup, a slight hesitation flickering within him. He knew this was the last amount of water before he would be freed from his armor and the strict regulations.

He slowly sipped, feeling the cool liquid flow down his parched throat, bringing a moment of alertness and refreshment after a long day. But at the same time, he clearly felt the increasing pressure in his bladder. It felt taut and heavy, like a leather pouch about to burst. The urge to urinate became stronger than ever, almost overwhelming all other thoughts.

Kaelen returned the cup to the attendant, a slight smile gracing her lips as his shift neared its end. He turned back to look at Gate E, the shadows of the people lengthening in the late afternoon light. His mind was now almost entirely consumed by the feeling of fullness in his lower abdomen. He counted down the minutes, longing for the bell signaling the end of his shift, longing for the moment he could shed his heavy armor and finally relieve the "imprisonment" of the past twelve hours. The unwavering will of a soldier was facing its final, challenging moments.

During the final hours of his shift, despair began to creep into Kaelen's mind, like a shadowy darkness engulfing his resilient will. His bladder was no longer simply an organ containing fluid; it had become a heavy mass, an unbearable discomfort. The feeling of fullness radiated throughout his lower abdomen, accompanied by dull aches in his lower back and sides. Each deep breath felt like touching a raw wound, reminding him of the physiological need being suppressed to its extreme limit.

His thoughts became chaotic. Images of the king and the responsibility of guarding the palace gradually blurred, overshadowed by the intense urge of his body. He tried to focus on the final movements of the people passing through Gate E, but his gaze seemed fixed on a vacant space, where thoughts of relief were tearing at his heart.

Time passed slowly, heavily, like the very iron armor that bound him. Each minute stretched into an eternity. Kaelen felt a cold sweat break out on his forehead, even though the daytime heat had subsided. Despair gnawed at his will, making him wonder if he could endure until the very end. He feared the moment his body's patience would exceed its limits, feared violating the king's strict rule.

Kaelen's despair stemmed not only from the simple fullness, but also from the complete inability to relieve his physiological need. The cruel urethral plug was an absolute barrier, an inescapable confinement throughout his twelve-hour watch.

In the final minutes, a feeling of utter despair washed over Kaelen like a tidal wave. His bladder was so full it ached, but he knew that no matter how his body screamed, he could not find relief. The plug was a solid guarantee of that. Every futile attempt to urinate only brought sharp cramps and a feeling of utter helplessness.

He watched the people passing through Gate E, the same purity and discipline applied to everyone serving in the palace, not just Kaelen. The attendants and his comrades also had to endure similar inconvenience and hardship during their working hours, all trapped in iron armor, with an invisible and visible, utterly cruel shackle.

Despair eroded Kaelen's will. He felt like an animal trapped in a cage, unable to escape the torment of his own body. He wished for a miracle, an exception to the king's harsh rule. But he knew it was impossible. He could only grit his teeth and endure, waiting for the moment the cold key would be inserted into the lock, freeing him from this cruel confinement. His despair was not just physical discomfort, but also helplessness, the humiliation of having his most basic human need so cruelly denied.

Eleventh Hour (16:00 - 17:00):

As the clock struck 4 PM, and the late afternoon sun began to cast a golden hue on the palace rooftops, Kaelen's despair deepened more than ever. The shade had completely enveloped the Gate E guard post, bringing relief from the temperature, but the confinement within his body felt more oppressive than before.

No longer sweating profusely as before, the water he had drunk throughout the day – a total of 1.7 liters since his last urination – now pressed heavily within him. The urine continuously filtered by his kidneys throughout his ten hours of work was now entirely concentrated in his bladder. It was alarmingly full, like a leather waterskin stretched taut, threatening to burst at any moment.

The urge to urinate was no longer a simple physiological need, but had become a dull ache, radiating from his lower abdomen down to his lower back and sides. Every small movement, even a furrowed brow or a slight clench of his hand on his sword hilt, made him feel the terrible pressure inside more acutely. He tried to take deep, steady breaths, but it seemed futile; the discomfort still enveloped him.

Kaelen's mind became a whirlwind of thoughts. He tried to focus on the people passing through the gate, on the late-day sounds of the palace, but everything faded before the screaming of his body. He imagined the warm stream of liquid about to overflow, the wonderful relief he couldn't have. This helplessness gnawed at his resilient will, making him feel humiliated and unjustly treated. Why should he, a loyal soldier, have to endure this torment?

He looked at his comrades in the distance, silent figures standing guard, and wondered if they were experiencing the same ordeal. The empathy did not lessen his despair, but only amplified the feeling of collective suffering under an unreasonable rule.

Time dragged on endlessly, each minute feeling like an hour. Kaelen could only cling to the faint hope of the bell signaling the end of his shift, the moment the cold key would release him from the cruel plug. But even that hope grew dim before the increasing pain and discomfort. Despair enveloped him, a feeling of utter helplessness as the most basic human need became an unsolvable torment, imprisoned by an absurd and cruel rule. He could only grit his teeth and endure, waiting for the final release in vain.

As the minute hand of the clock crept towards 5 PM, each tick was as heavy as a stone pressing down on Kaelen's chest. The twilight shadows began to fall over the palace, but the real darkness was enveloping his mind, a darkness of inescapable despair.

His bladder was no longer simply an internal organ; it had become an aching mass, an indescribable discomfort. It was so full that he could feel the pressure radiating throughout his lower abdomen, down to his groin and up to his lower back, forming dull, throbbing pains. It felt as if a foreign, hard object was pressing against his internal organs.

The urge to urinate was no longer a physiological need, but had become a screaming command, a tempest within his body. Each deep breath only increased the pressure, like pouring fuel on a smoldering fire. He tried to find a more comfortable standing position, slightly shrugging his shoulders, shifting his weight, but all his efforts were in vain. The cruel confinement of the urethral plug rendered every movement meaningless. He knew that no matter how hard he tried, he could not find relief.

Kaelen's mind was now filled with chaotic thoughts. He remembered the days of freedom, when he could address his body's basic needs naturally. That contrast only amplified the feeling of injustice and humiliation. He was a warrior, a loyal protector, yet he had to endure this torment because of a bizarre rule.

He looked at his fellow soldiers and the attendants around him, silent figures in the twilight. He wondered if they felt the same as he did, if they were fighting the despair that was gnawing at their will. A bitter empathy welled up within him, but it brought no comfort, only increasing the feeling of a hopeless collective suffering.

Time seemed to stand still, each minute stretching into an eternity. Kaelen felt his strength draining away, not only physically but also mentally. He could only cling to the faint hope of the bell signaling the end of his shift, a sound he longed for more than anything in the world. But even that hope grew dim before the increasing pain and discomfort. Despair enveloped him, a feeling of utter helplessness as the most basic human need became an unsolvable torment, imprisoned by an absurd and cruel rule. He could only grit his teeth and endure, waiting in vain for a miracle that would never come.

*002*2025-05-13 03:24

The first day - part 2

Final Hour (17:00 - 18:00):

As the clock's hand edged closer to 6 PM, the last rays of the day cast a melancholic orange glow on the ancient palace walls. For Kaelen, this sunset brought no romantic beauty, only a sign that his endurance was nearing its end, though a painful stretch still lay ahead.

His bladder had now reached its absolute limit. It was stretched taut like a balloon about to burst, the pressure radiating throughout his lower abdomen, down to his groin and up to his back, forming continuous, sharp cramps. It felt as if thousands of needles were pricking him from the inside, each small movement forcing him to clench his teeth to suppress a groan. The urge to urinate was no longer a physiological need, but had become a living nightmare, a relentless torment.

Kaelen's mind grew numb, all thoughts overshadowed by the feeling of pressure and pain. He tried to focus on the final moments of his shift, but the extreme discomfort rendered every effort futile. He could only count down the seconds, longing for the bell signaling release, a sound he yearned for more than breath itself.

Each passing second felt like a rusty blade sawing into Kaelen's already frayed patience. The sunset painted the cold stone walls red, but in Kaelen's eyes, all he saw was the red of pressure and excruciating pain.

His bladder was no longer an organ, but a ticking time bomb, just waiting to explode. It was so full that he could feel every muscle fiber straining to contain it, the cramps spreading like violent waves, engulfing his lower abdomen, lower back, and even his legs. It felt as if thousands of sharp needles were simultaneously piercing him from within, each breath a torment.

The urge to urinate was no longer a normal physiological need, but had become a frantic scream, a complete takeover of his consciousness. Every thought, every sensation was overshadowed by the unbearable pressure. He tried to focus on the final moments of his shift, but his mind was like a torn piece of paper, shredded by the pain and despair.

Close to 6 PM, the attendant's figure appeared, carrying the fateful silver cup. Her eyes were filled with concern as she saw Kaelen nearly buckling under the weight of his endurance. His hand trembled as he took the cup, a terrible conflict raging within him. The thirst was still there, but the thought of his bladder reaching its breaking point made him hesitant to drink even a drop.

He stared at the clear water, a cruel mockery of the confinement he was enduring. He wished he could just empty himself, release all the pressure, but the urethral plug was an insurmountable barrier, a symbol of his utter helplessness and despair. Drinking this full 300ml was an absolute order from the king; no soldier dared leave even a drop. Despite his bladder being on the verge of bursting, he still had to drink all the water from his attendant.

Returning the cup to the attendant, Kaelen looked towards Gate E with dull, lifeless eyes. Time seemed to stand still, each second stretching into an eternity. He felt his strength and will draining away to the last drop. He could only cling to a fragile thread of hope, waiting for the bell of release like a final mercy before he completely collapsed under the burden of his endurance. Despair enveloped him, a feeling of utter helplessness as the most basic human need became an unsolvable torment, pushing him to the very limits of his patience and resilience.

18:00:

As the bell's resonant chime echoed throughout the palace, signaling the end of the twelve-hour watch, a mixture of liberation and lingering tension settled within Kaelen. He knew that before he could shed the heavy armor and the cruel urethral plug, he had to participate in the fifteen-minute shift change ritual, a demonstration of strength and discipline honed to absolute perfection within the Aethelgard military.

From the main gate, the ranks of the night watch, brimming with energy and zeal, began to advance with synchronized steps, their gleaming armor reflecting the twilight. They executed decisive, powerful movements, swinging their arms and pivoting in unison, showcasing the latent power of the kingdom's most virile males.

Kaelen and his comrades, despite their bodies being utterly weary after a long day of guard duty and uncomfortable confinement, strove to maintain utmost focus. They responded to the movements of the new shift with precise accuracy, each gesture, each footfall adhering to the meticulously trained patterns. Though Kaelen's bladder was throbbing with painful fullness, he gritted his teeth, endeavoring to maintain the stern countenance and imposing presence of an Aethelgard warrior.

The shift change ritual was a display of collective might, a physical and spiritual exhibition. The sharp movements, the resounding stomping of feet, the synchronized inclining of heads, all aimed to project the kingdom's military power and discipline. For Kaelen, each movement was a herculean effort, a silent battle against his body's screaming need for relief.

He keenly felt the weight of his armor, the aching of his muscles, and the terrible pressure from his distended bladder. But he was not allowed to falter, not permitted to show any sign of weakness. He was part of an elite force, an emblem of strength and loyalty. He had to complete this ritual flawlessly, until the very last moment.

Each minute stretched into an eternity for Kaelen. Every movement, every clench of his fist, intensified the pain in his lower abdomen. He could only cling to the thought of his impending release, the moment he would be freed from the armor and the cruel plug. Within each ritualistic movement of the changing of the guard, Kaelen's full bladder was like an invisible weight, constricting his lower abdomen and radiating painful pressure to every fiber of his being.

As he clenched his fist, a sharp, searing pain shot from his groin up to his lower back, a cruel reminder of his agonizing confinement. Each deep breath, part of the ritualistic movements, further increased the pressure on his bladder, making the dull ache more intense. When he executed a sharp turn, part of the parade drill, the sudden movement exerted a strong pressure on his bladder, creating a suffocating sensation of fullness. He had to grit his teeth to suppress a groan, striving to maintain a stoic warrior's expression.

Each measured footstep, pressing down on the ground, felt like a punch to his already overloaded bladder. The throbbing pain radiated down his legs, making each step heavy and more difficult than ever. He felt as if thousands of needles were pricking him from the inside, and each movement twisted those needles deeper. When he swung his arm high, part of the salute, the stretching of his abdominal muscles pulled on his bladder with terrible pressure, creating a sensation of wanting to burst. He had to brace himself to maintain his posture, trying not to let the pain affect the precision of his movements.

Throughout the fifteen-minute shift change ritual, every movement for Kaelen was a silent war against his own body. His full bladder was like a ticking time bomb, just waiting to explode. Each ritualistic action, though practiced to the point of muscle memory, was now an ordeal, a relentless torment. He clearly felt his body's resistance, the screaming demand for relief, but he could do nothing but grit his teeth and endure, striving to maintain the strong and imposing facade of the kingdom's most virile males, while inside, he was in utter despair.

18:15:

As the final movements of the shift change ritual concluded, a fleeting sense of relief washed over the faces of Kaelen and the outgoing guards, even though their bodies were weary and their bladders throbbed with painful fullness. They formed neat ranks, preparing to move towards the barracks located outside the towering palace walls.

During the fifteen-minute ritual, the pressure and discomfort had reached their peak. Now, each soldier's bladder was swollen like a heavy gourd, containing hundreds of milliliters of fluid after twelve hours of guard duty and the mandated water intakes. Each step they took was a challenge, a silent battle against their bodies screaming for release.

However, the iron discipline of the Aethelgard military remained rigidly enforced. Despite the aching torment in their lower abdomens, despite each step feeling like a hard blow to their overloaded bladders, the soldiers maintained their dignified bearing. Shoulders straight, heads held high, gazes fixed forward, they moved in clear, rhythmic formation like perfectly programmed machines.

The measured clang of their armored boots echoed on the path leading away from the palace, a somber symphony of endurance and discipline. Not a single groan, not a single extraneous movement was permitted. Each soldier focused all his willpower on controlling his body, so as not to disrupt the ranks and the honor of the military.

Kaelen clearly felt the heaviness and pressure in his lower abdomen, each step sending a dull ache radiating through his body. He focused on the soldier directly ahead, maintaining consistent distance and pace. His mind now held only two thoughts: the impending relief when they reached the barracks, and the fortitude he had to maintain until the very last moment.

The ranks moved slowly but steadily, the tall figures in their heavy iron armor gradually disappearing behind the palace gates. Their bladders, those swollen gourds, were a testament to the extraordinary endurance and iron discipline of the Aethelgard warriors, men willing to push beyond their personal limits to serve the kingdom, even at a significant cost to their personal comfort.

18:30:

As the heavy ranks entered the barracks, the clock struck 6:30 PM. The weariness from twelve hours of guard duty and precisely thirteen and a half hours since their last urination, under the heat and pressure of their armor, was evident on each soldier's face. However, they knew that one final ordeal awaited them: the complex process of removing their armor, lasting up to an hour and a half. By now, every soldier's bladder had distended and filled the entire space within their torso armor; the once-fitted suits now felt like prisons encasing their bodies and bladders, along with the belts pressing into their bladders with no way to loosen them except by completely removing the armor.

Inside the barracks, support soldiers stood ready with specialized keys. Removing the armor was not as simple as putting it on; each section was secured by multiple intricate locks, and only the correct key could open them. The safety and security of the armor were paramount, even after the soldier had completed his duty. Because the attendants had to try each key to see if it truly fit the lock, each incorrect key was a moment of agonizing disappointment for the soldiers' bladders.

Kaelen stood waiting for each lock on his body to be undone, acutely feeling the increasing intensity of the pressure and pain in his lower abdomen. His bladder felt as if it would explode, and each passing minute was torture. He watched his comrades being slowly and meticulously unarmored, a surge of impatience and despair welling up within him. Each small lock on his breastplate, backplate, arms, and legs was located and opened with the matching key. The clicking sound of metal echoed in the quiet barracks, marking the slow progress of the removal process. For Kaelen, each click was like a knife twisting in his already depleted patience. He tried to keep his body relaxed, but the throbbing pain from his bladder made it impossible to stand still. He grimaced, gritting his teeth, wishing for this process to end quickly.

The most important command was unity, so long ago the soldiers had understood that they must wait until the last soldier had removed his armor, only then would they begin to line up to commence the sacred bladder release ritual. Therefore, even after shedding their iron shells, many soldiers still had to desperately maintain their rigid uniforms, standing in neat rows waiting; the only thing they could do was slightly loosen their belts, just enough to give their bladders a little more space; they didn't even dare unbutton their trousers for fear of severe punishment from the commander.

Once his armor was finally removed, Kaelen immediately felt lighter than ever before; he had worn the heavy suit all day, leaving his entire body exhausted. He ordered his attendant to help the comrades who had not yet finished removing their armor, hoping to relieve the tense sphere in his abdomen sooner.

Finally, when all the soldiers had finished removing their armor, it was 8:10 PM. The commander ordered them to line up before four imposing urinals. This was the sacred urination ritual that took place daily in their military, only now they needed it more than ever. All the soldiers stood in line according to their predetermined order. Four commanders stood at the four urinals as usual to remove the soundings and supervise their urination.

The presence of the sounding tubes meant the commander had to use a key to unlock each one, which took much longer than previous urinations, driving him to utter despair. Now each soldier had to stand at attention while the commander unlocked their sounding tube with a key; after removing the tube, the commander moved his hand away to avoid the stream of urine from these soldiers before ordering them to "urinate." When the sounding tube was removed from the urethra, the soldiers at the front of the line immediately regained control with their sphincter muscles; any drop of urine that escaped before the command would result in extremely severe consequences.

When the command "urinate" was given, the soldiers at the front immediately released their incredibly full bladders; this feeling of relief was ten times greater than their most pleasurable ejaculation. At the same time, the soldiers behind felt immense suffering, as their bladders were fuller than any time they had ever held their urine, and now they watched their comrades being relieved.

The sounding tubes were immediately reinserted into their urethras to ensure sterility and bladder discipline while the soldiers slept. Then, the commander changed his gloves to continue the process with the next soldier. The urination ritual, which used to take only one minute with the old system, now took up to five minutes with the added urethral tubes and the soldiers' full bladders, causing even more suffering for those at the back; they had to wait longer with their bladders at their absolute limit. Each time they heard the commander's command "urinate," the entire line of soldiers could be seen shuddering; their bladders contracted violently in their abdomens but could not release anything because the sounding tube had firmly blocked their urethral opening.

A few soldiers couldn't bear it and bent over clutching their abdomens; the chief commander immediately saw them and punished them by ordering them out of line to run three laps of the courtyard and return to the end of the line. This reinforced the iron discipline in the military, making no one else dare to show impatience. Kaelen secretly felt grateful and stepped forward one step to fill the gap of those who were punished; he felt both happy to urinate sooner and sorry for his punished comrades. Having to hold his urine beyond his limit without moving caused cold sweat to pour all over his body. Feeling like he was about to explode, each time he heard the command "urinate," his bladder cramped violently; urine threatened to gush out but was blocked by the sounding tube.

At this point, he would rather urinate in his trousers and be punished than endure this torture; each passing second was an agony; he couldn't release a single drop of urine with his will. Now, not only did he feel the pressure in his body, but he also felt a loss of control over his most basic needs – urination and even ejaculation; he felt immense regret for choosing this path and not being able to unlock his cu to ejaculate, at least for the next ten years, and his steel bladder would be continuously tortured every day under the king's strict rules.

Finally, his turn arrived; the urge began to surge as he stood before the honored urinal. As soon as the commander ordered "prepare," he began to undo his belt, quickly removed his uniform jacket, and pulled down his trousers. The attendant quickly unbuttoned the back of his undergarments; now his locked penis was exposed before the urinal. He quickly assumed a ready stance with his legs spread confidently. The commander began to unlock the sounding tube and removed it; it felt wonderful, but he had to quickly regain control as he had not yet been ordered to urinate.

His bladder was screaming with each contraction; he couldn't hold it any longer; every drop of urine was ready to be expelled with immense pressure. He decided to urinate on his own despite not having the command and facing extremely severe punishment, but... nothing flowed out, not a single drop; the feeling of fullness was even worse than when the sounding tube was still in. Just as he began to panic, the commander ordered "urinate"; a stream of urine twice as strong as usual shot out of his body as if tearing his urethra apart; the feeling was even more wonderful than multiple ejaculations. As he neared the end, he began to feel the cu lock causing his urine to be partially blocked; the feeling became increasingly clear until finally he had to strain to push the remaining urine out. Now the relief within him was greater than ever; he no longer had to endure the torture from his bladder.

After releasing his bladder, he was allowed to shower; he and his attendant went to the bathroom. Upon reaching the bathroom door, he reported to the commander and was permitted to use the bathroom at this time. The attendant began to remove his uniform and started bathing him with hot water, which she had heated while he waited to urinate. After showering, the attendant removed his anal plug to help him defecate. Defecation in this barracks was strictly controlled with urine sensors beneath the toilet; previously, soldiers had to absolutely control their bladders while defecating and not allow any urine to escape, but now, with the sounding tube strictly locked on his penis, he had no ability to secrete any urine, and he was also accustomed to the commands and could not urinate without the commander's order.

After showering and defecating, he put his uniform back on and stepped outside. The plug was not required to be reinserted on his body, so the attendant cleaned and stored it. Kaelen stepped outside, reported his shower completion to the commander, who inspected his uniform once more and, satisfied, allowed him to finish his day and go to sleep.

It was 10:00 PM, an hour later than his usual bedtime; guarding under the sun and extreme urine retention had completely exhausted him. After lying in bed and his attendant tucked him in, she timidly asked her master, "Sir, may I be permitted to urinate before sleeping tonight?" Kaelen was annoyed and refused; he had to drink a large amount of water during the day and had to hold his urine to the point of bursting, while she was just a lowly attendant who didn't have to stand in the sun, wasn't forced to drink that painful amount of water, and most importantly, she was a girl; girls had no right to demand anything from their male master but had to obey him.

Kaelen refused her as an assertion of his control; even though he was a man, he had to experience the cu lock and strict bladder control. Initially, this was his pride in serving the king, but now it made him feel a loss of control over his most basic physiological needs – urination and even ejaculation; he felt immense regret for choosing this path and not being able to unlock his cu to ejaculate, at least for the next ten years, and his steel bladder would be continuously tortured every day under the king's strict rules.

###

Please let me know what you'd like me to write next: his next day, someone else's day, or about a typical workday for the palace attendants? Feel free to comment with your preference. If you're also interested in this topic, message me, and we can brainstorm ideas for the story together. Also, please point out any logical or grammatical errors you find; I will correct them. Using AI with such a large volume makes the story prone to mistakes that I can't fully review on my own.

