What would you really want to read?

Author: purplepotato

*000*2017-06-13 03:35

Hi there so as some of you know I've been going through difficult changes in my life, and writing is sort of like an outlet for me. But I really hate when I write something and then people think its boring, or badly written, or its just not something anyone wants to even try reading. So what would you actually read? Any fantasies nobody has written about yet? I'm open to pretty much anything, but I won't do age play, or abuse (sexually or otherwise). So anyway, i need ideas, whatdoya got?

*010*2017-06-13 19:07

Ok i'll start @ololo

's idea this week, as well as @randomrobot007

's. I cant promise , but i should be able to get the first chapter up by Friday of both. i may have to do a bit of research for the first, and the second i'll have to think on a little bit.

*014*2017-06-14 02:53

Wow OK way more than I expected. I promise I'll try, but I need time, and I don't want these to turn out crappy. I'll get to all of them at some point, but just know it could!d be awhile. Desperation at the beach I can do, and ill do more research. By the way, anything I have to research on will not be my top priority.

*021*2017-06-16 15:29

SORRY FOR ALL THE MISTAKES IN THIS, ESPESIALLY MY MISSPELLING OF "LITERALLY" THERE WAS SOM WEIRD GLITCH AND I COULD ONLY TYPE ON THE BEGINING OR ED,AND NOW ONLY THE END. WICH MEANS I CAN'T GO BACK AND DELTE THE "I'D DO" AT THE END.ooooohhhhhhhh my god this is overwhelming.... I've decided to turn this into a book, mostly one-shots but some multi-part. I know I said I'd get to all of these, i'm not sure if i can. I guess i forgot to mention i litrally never play video games. I'm used to working with my OCs. I was kinda looking for prompts, but i will at least attempt some with specific characters . But if those ones suck, don't say i didn't warn you. Also if the others suck, then that's my falt and no, i did not warn you. i'd do

*022*2017-06-16 15:36

{{21 minutes ago, purplepotato said:

SORRY FOR ALL THE MISTAKES IN THIS, ESPESIALLY MY MISSPELLING OF "LITERALLY" THERE WAS SOM WEIRD GLITCH AND I COULD ONLY TYPE ON THE BEGINING OR ED,AND NOW ONLY THE END. WICH MEANS I CAN'T GO BACK AND DELTE THE "I'D DO" AT THE END.ooooohhhhhhhh my god this is overwhelming.... I've decided to turn this into a book, mostly one-shots but some multi-part. I know I said I'd get to all of these, i'm not sure if i can. I guess i forgot to mention i litrally never play video games. I'm used to working with my OCs. I was kinda looking for prompts, but i will at least attempt some with specific characters . But if those ones suck, don't say i didn't warn you. Also if the others suck, then that's my falt and no, i did not warn you. i'd do

}}

AND NOW I CAN GO INTO EDIT, BUT I CANT CHAANGE ANYTHNG. BUT ANYWAY, THE BOOK WILL BE CALLED "THE REQUEST/PROMPT BOOK" AND SORRY, NOW I CANT GET OUT OF CAPS LOCK.

