Omovember 2021: Day 29

Author: PPP

*000*2021-12-13 04:23

$$

Sorry for how late this one is, life kind of got in the way.

###

Day 29: In a school uniform Tsuyu Asui (My Hero Academia)

###

Sweat dripped down Tsuyu Asui’s brow. She ignored it, determined not to let anything break her concentration. Taking a deep breath, she focused on the tricky situation in front of her.

I just gotta go for it, Tsuyu thought. Steeling herself, the frog-girl raised her right hand, then brought her pencil down on the bubble marked ‘C.’ She realized that she had been unintentionally holding her breath and let it out in a huff.

Tsuyu was currently suffering through the midterm math exam in Pro Hero Ectoplasm’s class. She was a bright student, but this was easily her weakest subject, and Ectoplasm’s standards were brutal. Daring to glance at the clock, Tsuyu was dismayed to see that there was more than an hour left. Grimacing, she returned her attention to the test. She went through page after page of questions, but there seemed to be no end in sight.

Minutes ticked by, and Tsuyu became aware of something else adding to her torment. It started as a minor pressure in her midsection, and she tried to ignore it. She continued marking answers, but when Tsuyu felt a sharp twinge in her bladder, she couldn’t deny it any longer: she had to pee. It wasn’t really a surprise, given how long the exam had been going, but she didn’t dare ask for a bathroom break; Ectoplasm was famously strict. Tsuyu crossed her legs under her school uniform’s skirt and looked up at the clock again: there was still more than half an hour, and several pages of problems, left.

Guess I need to tough it out, Tsuyu thought. I can do it! Plus Ultra!

Tsuyu did her best to focus as she solved problem after problem, but her full bladder proved to be a major distraction. She started to fidget in her seat and had to resist the urge to hold herself. She found herself glancing at the clock once every couple of minutes as she prayed for it to move faster. Tsuyu’s hand shook as she marked down answers, barely able to focus on the equations. Her bladder was at its limit, and it was all she could do to keep it from leaking.

Eventually, the blessed words reached Tsuyu’s ears: “Time’s up! Everyone, turn in your tests!”

Tsuyu didn’t need to be told twice. She slammed her test down on Ectoplasm’s desk, then dashed out the door towards the restroom. As she ran down the hallways (ignoring Tenya Iida’s protests), Tsuyu felt a little bit of urine dribble into her panties.

No! No! she thought. I can’t fail now! Not after all this!

Picking up her pace even further, Tsuyu turned a corner and finally arrived at the girl’s room not a moment too soon.

Tsuyu hurried into the bathroom and took the first available stall she could find. She slammed the door behind her, then lowered herself into position over the squat toilet. Reaching down, she was barely able to remove her panties before her bladder let go. A jet of urine sprayed out of her with a loud hiss, splashing on the porcelain and sending golden drops flying. Tsuyu let out a loud moan of relief, not caring if anyone heard her. It felt too good!

Tsuyu smiled to herself as she continued peeing.

I did it, she thought with a touch of pride. I made it through that exam and I made it to the bathroom in time. She sighed. I hope the next midterm doesn’t go like this…

It took ages, but Tsuyu’s bladder eventually ran dry. She wiped herself dry (it had been a very messy pee), then pulled up her panties and flushed the toilet. She scarcely had a chance to open the door when she was shoved forcefully aside by Mina Ashido.

“I gotta go!” the pink-haired girl cried. She closed the stall door and seconds later Tsuyu heard a noisy hiss that put her own to shame.

“Ooh, that’s better!” Mina groaned.

I better leave her to it, Tsuyu thought, and she left to return to her dorm, where she knew more studying awaited her.

###

Next up: Free choice!

