High School Reunion

Author: Puddle bat

*000*2025-03-04 07:08

This is the story of a clocky Transfemme named Robin and her secret fetish (but obv you knew about the fetish because you are browsing OMORASHI DOT ORG)

Did I say secret? Yeah that’s right. There’s one person who knows. But we’ll get to that later.

###

“ugh. Highschool reunion.” Robin read the letter she received in the mail, “Has it seriously been ten years since we graduated?” She looked at the invitation, reminiscing about her school days.

Vivid memories of her and her old friends hanging out. That one time they went to a restaurant and ordered the spiciest thing they had.

Robin recalled more embarrassing stories too… How clumsy she used to be, how weird she used to be… she even remembered that time she barely made it to the bathroom after a test only to leak in her jeans on the way there. Although… at the time it was the wetting that embarrassed her. Now? It’s the fact she enjoyed it that she finds embarrassing.

She looked up from the invitation and marked the date on her calendar. Letting out a breath of anticipation. She was really hesitant to go.

“what if… what if I see people I don’t like?” Robin reasoned to herself. “It could get really awkward. Or- or- what if someone says hi to me and I don’t recognize them?” She starts pacing, running through every night-ruining-though her brain could think of.

”the invitation said there would be alcohol- what- what if I drink to much? I could- oh fuck- what if I drink too little and they think I’m rude or- or- they think that I think I’m better than them???”

She sat down eyeing the freshly marked event on her calendar.

”Just go, Stupid.” A lesbian voice chimes in from the other room. “You’re over thinking things. It’s gonna be fine.”

”you sure?”

“yes I’m sure, you over think everything. You’ll have a great time and you’ll see all your old friends and how they’re more successful than you and you’re gonna all get wasted together- don’t piss yourself by the way, you know how you are when you drink-“

Robin’s cheeks flushed red. As she yelled to her roommate, “WREN- IT WAS ONE TIME OKAY???”

”you still wet yourself and jerked off afterwards” Wren Shrugged. “Just stay off the booze and your friends won’t see what a perv you are. speaking of-“

Wren crawled off the couch and went to her room. A few seconds later she emerged holding a small box of condoms. “If Tyler’s there, Fuck him for me” She said, tossing the box over to Robin.

Catching the box, Robin replies, “Tyler lives in Delaware now, there’s no way he’s gonna fly all the way down for a reunion” she makes a motion to toss the condoms back.

”nah keep ‘em” Wren shakes her head, “you’ll probably get more use out of them there than I have the entire summer”

“who would I even use them with? It’s not like many of my classmates were particularly attractive…”

“what about Floyd? Hm?” Wren flopped down on the couch” I remember you talking about him a LOT back in the day~”

”okay but that’s just like-“

”then there’s Ava- you had your eyes on her for a bit”

”yeah until she turned out the be a massive bitch-“

”and who was that one you told me about?”

”who?”

”the one you REALLY liked.” Wren teased, “like. You were infatuated with them~ hell, you probably still are.”

”are you talking about Foster??”

”THATS HIS NAME, Yeah! Him~”

”He was just a friend- that’s all.”

“Yeah sure, just a friend, my ass. You went out of your way to have lunch with him EVERY DAY. And you even left him little notes in his locker, like a pathetic kid in a movie”

Robin blushed, looking at the ground. “I don’t need them- nothing gonna happen..”

”just take them, toots”

”fine. But you’re going with me to the reunion.”

”if that’s what it takes, toots”

”please don’t call me that.”

Robin sighed. Looking at the calendar and back down at the half empty box of condoms in her hand. ‘Nothing is going to happen.. surely’ her mind flashed to Foster. ‘Maybe it’s wishful thinking..’

###

Hello piss enjoyers and pee enthusiasts,

Bat here.

First story (here at least), go easy.

I will take criticism and/or comments

Also let me know if this is an interesting enough hook or not.

