D is for Developmental Regression (Alphabet of Comfort)

Author: PrivateRespond

*000*2024-05-08 11:15

Original: https://www.pixiv.net/novel/show.php?id=21942003

WRITTEN BY NOVA AND PRIVACYRESPONSIVE

FROM "ALPHABET OF COMFORT", STORY #4 FOR LETTER D

A usual morning in a club, but it was for a.. rather peculiar reason.. Hanako, came into the clubroom as usual.. before waking up Koharu, who was sleeping.. and in question.. was a bit special..

Koharu had been diapered for the past couple of months because of her sudden inability to use the toilet.. and the clubroom was right next to where the Make-Up Work Club usually was.. And to combat that.. she had to be watched over by someone, and to also wear diapers until they could find a reason why.. and to help restore her potty training.

Hanako was used to waking up her clubmate, Koharu, by now. It was like clockwork. But even though it had become routine, it was still difficult to not think about this peculiar situation. Koharu used to be so independent, always finding solutions to problems on her own, and yet here she was, dependent on others to take care of even the most basic things like using the restroom. It was a little hard to accept that the Koharu she knew was probably gone for good, replaced by someone who needed help to perform the simplest tasks.

The only upside was that Koharu seemed much calmer and more relaxed now. She had stopped putting up a fuss every time she had to be diapered or watched over, almost as if she had come to accept her new reality. Hanako wondered if that was because she didn't have the energy to fight anymore, or if it was because she was actually happier this way.

Either way, Hanako couldn't help but feel a bit uneasy about the whole situation. She knew she had to be there for Koharu and keep her safe, but it was hard for her to completely ignore the sense of sadness she felt whenever she looked at Koharu and saw not her friend but someone who was trapped in a body she couldn't control.

..Soon thereafter as Hanako tried to wake Koharu up for a good couple of minutes though, the alarm clock suddenly started blaring right next to Koharu's ear.. waking her up.

Koharu stirred awake, startled by the loud and sudden alarm. Hanako could hear her grumbling as she opened her eyes and saw the bright light of the clock shining into her face. Hanako felt a bit guilty about this, knowing that it must have been a jarring way to start the day, especially for someone like Koharu who was already in a somewhat fragile state.

Hanako gently helped Koharu sit up in bed, noticing the familiar diaper under her clothing that she was now used to seeing her wear. She smiled, maintaining her motherly attitude as she spoke.

"Good morning, sweetie." she said softly.

Koharu groaned a bit as she sat up, shaking her head to clear the fog from her mind. She looked up at Hanako, still a bit half-asleep, and then smiled back.

"Morning..." she mumbled, sounding tired and fatigued.

Hanako noticed that Koharu seemed a bit more lethargic than usual. She knew that Koharu's condition had been taking a toll on her physically and mentally. Still, she couldn't help but worry a little bit whenever she saw her like this. She hoped that eventually Koharu would adjust to her new situation and be able to maintain her usual upbeat attitude despite the challenges.

Some time afterwards.. Hanako had decided to tend to Koharu for the rest of the morning to try and atleast help her study.. After staying around for a while, Koharu had snuck off, hiding somewhere.. Hanako was a bit ticked off at the sudden disappearance, before she heard the sounds of someone drawing something behind the shelves.

Hanako raised her eyebrows as she went to investigate the odd sounds she was hearing. She peeked behind the shelves, curious to see what Koharu was doing...

And then, after snooping around for some time.. she saw Koharu sitting on the floor with a sketchbook in her hands. Her focus and concentration were seemingly intense, as she was completely focused on her drawing. Hanako looked over at what Koharu was drawing with a small smile on her face. It seemed like Koharu was trying to distract herself with something she enjoyed instead of dwelling on her situation.

But then soon, Hanako ended up accidentally knocking over an empty soda can onto the floor as she was looking at Koharu from behind..

As the soda can hit the floor, the loud clatter startled Koharu out of her focus. She looked up to see where the sound came from and was startled to see Hanako standing there. But then.. just as Koharu reacted.. at the same time.. she ended up losing control of bladder out of fear.

As she jumped in surprise, Koharu lost control of her bladder as fear coursed through her body. The sudden release of her urine filled her diaper unexpectedly and abruptly as she looked at Hanako in shock.

Koharu began to feel embarrassed and ashamed as she realized what had just happened. As she looked down at her diapers that were now filled with urine, her face turned red with embarrassment. She couldn't even look at Hanako out of her shame and humiliation.

"Ugh.. if only you guys cared more about me..."

*001*2024-05-08 11:18

Some context:

"Alphabet of Comfort" is a little anthology project where some writers (including me) unite into a group, where each of us can make a story for 1 letter of the alphabet.

The idea was done thanks to one of my friends introducing me to "ABCs of Death", which had me thinking about a what if it was used in a more lighter situation.

Currently, only 9 stories are up right now.

