Desperate Bus Trip

Author: princesspee

*000*2016-06-12 22:22

With every bounce of the public bus, 22-year-old April's bursting, tender bladder pulsed accusingly. It bulged out of the front of her flowered blue skirt almost angrily, as if asking her why she was not peeing.

Why didn't I pee before? April asked herself. Even with her busy schedule that day, full of errands and appointments, she surely could have managed it. However, her foolish assumption that she could hold it prevented her from doing so.

A frisson of desperation zinged up her spine, and April clenched her hand between her legs and moaned loudly before she could stop herself. Oh no, she thought, looking around in a panic to see if anyone had heard her. Fortunately, the bus was mostly empty, and a party of obnoxious children accompanied by exhausted adults seemed to have covered up her desperate moan.

With her other hand, April let go of her shopping bags and gently stroked her swollen bladder bulge, as if attempting to comfort it. She could feel her pee pushing urgently at her urethral opening, and she wasn't sure how much longer she could keep her proverbial floodgates closed.

As if her bladder had heard her doubtful thought, another wave of desperation hit, and before she could stop it, a squirt of pee escaped, dampening her hand and the cushion beneath her bottom. Damn it, she cursed internally. Of all the days to decide not to wear panties...

She let go of her iron grip on her pussy to run a light finger up her damp slit. She could smell the salty scent of piss just from her small squirt. This small motion caused another jet of warm gold pee to escape, this time longer. It erupted from her urethra and splashed to the dirty floor of the bus.

“Mmmm!” she moaned, as she attempted to clench her muscles closed again. She pushed her pee-damp hand between her legs again, and clamped down.

The bus stopped, letting off a trio of what April thought were the slowest old women to ever exist. They moved at a glacial pace to the door at the front of the bus, instead of merely going out the door in the middle. Come on, come on! She urged them internally. She needed to pee so bad she could taste it. More squirts bubbled out of her, each soaking the seat and the fabric of her skirt underneath her. She bounced in her seat as she squirted, too desperate now to keep still. She was moaning and whimpering constantly now, uncaring of who might hear her. Two more stops, she thought, mentally encouraging her bladder to just keep holding. The bus stopped again, this time letting off the loud group of children. April was alone now except for the bus driver, and at this point she was on the razor's edge of wetting herself. Her thighs trembled, and yet another jet of pee splashed out of her, wetting her bare legs and the floor. Another moan pushed out of her throat, high and desperate.

Finally, finally, the bus pulled up at her stop. She gathered her bags and stood up, as unsteady on her feet as a baby deer. With her wet hand clamped between her legs, she rushed off the bus to begin the walk to her apartment complex.

As she walked the block to her apartment, fresh pee dribbled out of her at every step. The front and back of her skirt were now soaked, and the sidewalk beneath her was wet with her dribbles. Her green-and-gray apartment block rose slowly into view, and April moaned with relief. She was almost there. Her bladder released a thick gush of pee onto the pavement, and she hurried to the door of the apartment building, fumbling awkwardly on the doorknob with her piss-wet hands.

Thankfully, there was no one in the halls. April rushed up the flight of stairs to her apartment, pee still dripping from her, until she saw her door. She had never been so glad to see her apartment before. She just needed her key...She fumbled in her purse for it. Where was her key?! A big, warm jet of piss erupted from her bladder as she struggled, and she squatted down, gasping. She was not going to pee herself in front of her door! Her fingers closed around the cool metal of her key, and she stood up, triumphant. She stuck it in the lock and jiggled it, almost yelling triumphantly when the lock clicked and her door swung open. She stepped inside her apartment, ignoring the sizeable puddle of piss that now sat in front of her door. She closed the door behind her, and-oh no. She barely had time to yank the damp, translucent fabric of her skirt up before the full force of her pee squirted out of her, past her clenched fingers and onto the hardwood floor.

“Mmm- oh, oh, ahhhh! No....,” she moaned as she pissed uncontrollably on her floor, all over her nice pair of black flats, and her hallway carpet. She could smell it, acrid and salty. Her pee was warm and golden on her hand as it continued to squirt past her pussy. Her desperation ebbed and her bladder deflated as she pissed powerfully for almost a minute and a half before gradually petering out. As she finished, she looked down, past her soaked pussy, past her trembling thighs and wet calves, to the golden lake at her feet. She moaned weakly as her bladder released one last squirt of pee, and when she was sure she was finished, she pulled off her wet skirt to go clean herself up in her bathroom.

