The long walk home II

Author: peepantsrunner

*000*2023-04-07 08:38

I wrote the first chapter of this

$/87294-the-long-walk-home/

Iver a year ago and only recently decided to post it. I had actually written a chapter two, but didn't like it as much and didn't post it. Several elements got recycled into other stories. But now I'm working on a completely different chapter two and realizing that the timeline works well to just edit this one a little and make that one a chapter three, which should be up in a couple days.

Maddie woke up early to the sound of birds outside her window. The birds weren't what woke her up, they just happened to be there. What did wake her was her bladder screaming at her for relief. Maddie didn't feel like getting out of bed yet, so she told it to wait. She had nowhere to be for hours, and her roommate, Amanda, was out of town until later tonight. Since her accident on the way home from work last week, she had come to accept loving the feeling of desperation. This had caused her to have several close calls, and even a couple leaks in her panties. She had even fully wet herself walking home a couple times, but she wanted to see how far she could take it. As the sun beam coming through her window slowly traveled across the floor, Maddie decided today was the day.

As she lay under her covers savoring the sweet electric buzz of desperation, Maddie wondered how she could make the best use of her day off. She considered peeing right then and there, and while she knew wetting her bed would be fun, she also knew she loved the feeling of desperation and the gradual loss of control too much to just wet herself on purpose all day. No, Maddie was an accident girl. After a few more minutes of thinking, made difficult by the fact that she was now squirming and holding herself tightly under the covers, Maddie decided on two rules for the day. The first is that she would drink as much as she could handle all day long, and the second was that under no circumstances would she let any pee escape her pussy intentionally. Other than those two details, she would go about her day just like any other day off.

In honor of rule one, Maddie grudgingly left the warmth of her bed and waddled off to start the coffee pot. She was waddling because she already had to keep her thighs clenched tight to stop herself from peeing all the way down the hallway. Rule two said she had to hold it as long as she could, after all. The kitchen was a little chilly to be standing around in nothing but her panties, but she also liked the way each small shiver sent an accompanying shiver to her privates.

As the smell of brewing coffee filled the room, a sudden yawn hit Maddie. Stretching her arms overhead, the relaxing pose caused a slow but steady trickle of pee to flow through her panties and tickle its way down the inside of her left leg. She finished stretching and was able to stop the flow, only for a sudden sneeze to shoot a quick spray of pee straight through her panties and onto the linoleum.

Maddie leaned on the counter and scrolled on her phone as the coffee brewed, using her free hand to hold herself. Once she had a steaming cup in that hand, however, she started to leak little by little. She held true to rule two and refused to allow herself to pee, instead relishing each involuntary leak just as she relished leisurely sipping her coffee.

Maddie's mug was empty now, but her bladder was far from it. She poured herself a tall glass of cold water, and in observance of rule one, chugged the whole thing as she stood in the small puddle already at her feet. She was already chilly enough that her nipples stood fully erect, and the icy water now flowing into her was too much to handle. She shivered once and completely lost control of her pee. It gushed out in an unbroken stream, flowing through her panties as if they weren't even there. Maddie closed her eyes and sighed in deep relief as she emptied herself of every last drop of her strong morning pee.

Maddie poured herself another cup of coffee and another glass of water and drank them both as she took care of a few things around the house. First on her list, of course, was mopping up the huge lake of pee before it spread into hard to clean places. She ate a quick breakfast, washed some dishes, and made her bed as well.

Her chores done, she went to get dressed for her morning jog. Her plan was to get a few miles in and be back home before she got too desperate, but she dug through her drawer until she found some black shorts just in case she leaked a little. Her only black running shorts were a tiny spandex pair that she never wore because they were smaller and tighter than they had looked in the store changing room mirror. "Well, I guess I'd rather have guys see my ass than see a pee strain." She tossed her soaked panties into her hamper and squeezed and shimmied her way into them and took a look at the mirror.

It was worse than she remembered. Her ass looked like she was naked and had simply sat in some black paint and called it clothes. They didn't even quite cover her entire ass. Checking out the front side, she saw she had some serious camel toe going on, but at least the bridge between her hip bones showed off how flat she'd gotten her tummy this summer. She put on the matching sports bra and saw that it was no better. As uncertain as Maddie was about showing off her body so much, she had to admit it was looking pretty fantastic, and it didn't get that way by skipping her workouts, so she killed any thoughts about skipping today's run.

Maddie finished getting dressed, finished both her drinks, and headed out the door. The first couple miles were as ordinary as could be, and she was loving the added thrill of feeling her bladder fill back up. "Don't worry," she told her bladder, "I'll get you home in plenty of time. Of course, I won't give you any relief when I do, but at least it'll be in private when you burst."

What Maddie hadn't counted on was how tired her bladder already was after pushing it to failure in the kitchen. While waiting for the light to change at a crosswalk, a sudden spasm sent out a quick shot of pee. The overly-stretched spandex offered no resistance, and despite the fact that Maddie was able to clench shut the flow almost as soon as it began, she still heard a small splash on the sidewalk between her feet. The light changed and she ran on, hoping that anyone watching her had been checking out her cleavage rather than her thighs.

Now that she was moving again, Maddie found little difficulty in holding her pee in. She knew if she could keep herself moving, she could finish her run and make it back home without embarrassing herself any more than her absurd outfit already was. The traffic lights seemed to have their own plans for Maddie and forced her to stop running again and again. The first two she waited at after her leak went ok since she knew what to expect, but her bladder got the best of her on the next several. Knowing what was coming, she made a point to stand with her legs together. The pee might make a brief appearance as it shot through her thigh gap, but at least it would go down her legs rather than splashing straight to the ground like before.

Maddie rounded the last corner and ran onto her own street. Her shorts were pee-soaked in the crotch, and the ankles of her socks were starting to go that way as well, but she was sweaty enough to hope nobody could tell. Maddie was in sight of her door now and it was looking like she was going to get away with her desperate run! What she forgot, though, was how long she would have to stand still to dig her key out of the tiny pocket of her shorts and get the door open.

Maddie's pussy was twitching with the strain of holding her pee. She tried not to hold herself and draw attention to herself, but her barely-contained ass was shaking with the effort, broadcasting her desperation to the whole neighborhood. "Fuck!" she cursed under her breath as her shaking hands dropped her key. Bending over to pick it up was too much for her bladder, and she peed uncontrollably until she was upright again. Maddie had better luck getting the key in this time. Throwing the door open as another slow trickle started running down her legs, she dashed inside.

Maddie barely had the door shut behind her before the flood gates opened. Now that she was free to look down and watch herself peeing through the almost-not-there shorts, she saw that the only thing they did to her pee stream was break it into a spray. Giggling a little at herself, she decided to have a seat on the floor. Maddie wanted to feel herself getting wet, and peeing the shorts hardly felt different from peeing naked. She had to laugh again at seeing the pee start pooling in her lap, filling it up faster than it could drain between her thighs to soak her ass and the floor. Her temporary lake overflowed, sending waterfalls of pee down both hips to join the puddle growing underneath her. Maddie was done peeing before she was done playing in her pee, so she spread her pee around with her butt and rolled over to let it soak her sports bra as well.

When her pee grew cold and the joy of splashing in it wore off, it was time for Maddie to clean up her mess. Her wet running clothes joined her wet panties from before in the hamper, but came back naked to mop up her puddle before heading off to shower. Remembering rule one, Maddie downed cold water until her stomach ached while the hot water slowly made its way through the pipes to the shower faucet. She shivered as she set the glass down, and was surprised to feel a little pee moisten her thighs as she did. It had only been fifteen minutes since her accident, and she didn't even know she had anything in her bladder yet. Maddie thought that was strange, but shrugged and jumped in the now steaming shower.

Fresh and clean, for a little while at least, Maddie went to her room to decide what clothes she wanted to have her next accident in. She pulled several choices out of her drawers, sipping more water as she weighed the pros and cons of each. Panties and a skirt might feel cute to pee in and would be easy to clean up, but then she wouldn't feel it soaking its way down her legs. Her grey sweats would show the spreading wetness if she cared to stand in front of the mirror and watch, but they were too loose and fell off her now. After several minutes, Maddie settled on regular cotton panties and her light blue jeans.

The constant fluid intake, combined with the exhaustion of her holding muscles, had Maddie's bladder ready to wet her pants before she even had them on. The pair she had chosen weren't nearly as tight as her running shorts, but she still had to work a little to get the narrow legs of them over her runner's calves. She suddenly lost control and had her third accident of the day just before she finished pulling them up. There had been no leaks, no spurts, no waves of almost losing it but then clenching her muscles tight, nothing. Maddie could do nothing but laugh as she looked down and watched the pee flow through her pale green panties, fall through the air, and into her waiting pants at her knees. After a couple seconds of this, she pulled her panties halfway down to create a two-stage waterfall. She thought it made quite a beautiful scene and wondered if anyone else would appreciate it or if she was alone in her new hobby.

Her bladder was just getting too tired to hold as much pee as usual, she thought, because it was a disappointingly short pee, only lasting about twenty seconds. Maddie shrugged, pulled up her soggy jeans, and found a tank top to keep her perky titties warm before heading off to brew a second pot of coffee.

Maddie took her mug, as well as a glass of water, over to the couch. Looking at it and thinking for a minute, she decided to put some trash bags on it with a few towels on top of those. She planned on sitting here for a while, and saw no reason to completely soak her sofa. Once she was satisfied it was properly protected, she settled in for some binge watching and binge wetting.

Maddie made it nearly an hour before she felt the first leaks begin to warm up her damp blue jeans. Her pussy was so tired of being pushed to failure again and again, and once she started to leak, the best resistance she could manage only kept her pee to a slow and twitchy dribble. Stopping it entirely was out of the question. "Just let it all go," her bladder seemed to whisper to her. "I'm not breaking my rules, bladder. No peeing on purpose, no matter what!"

Maddie found out that sitting down and holding herself made it much easier to keep her pee in than other positions she had enjoyed her accidents in so far, and it was torture when her goal was to fail at holding it. She watched another whole episode of her show, and she still had neither emptied her bladder nor been able to stop leaking pee into her pants. The towel she was sitting on was drenched in a thousand tiny spurts, and Maddie began to be afraid that she couldn't have a proper accident sitting this way. Maybe her bladder would just stay completely full and torture her all day as it only let enough out to make room for the new fluid she was continuing to pour in.

Maddie loved the feeling of desperation. If she didn't, she wouldn't be using her whole day off to see how far she could chase that tingling ecstasy between her legs. As the next episode started to play, though, Maddie felt she had chased it far enough and wanted the sweet release of losing control of her body. She was determined not to break her rules, but she knew it was time to bend them a little. "Ok, bladder, here's the deal: I can't lose control with my legs crossed and my hands jammed between them. I also can't give up and let any pee out. So what we're going to do is I'm going to sit up straight as an arrow, uncross my legs, and put my hands on my knees. But, I'm keeping my pussy clenched tight as a clam. Your job is to push all that pee out anyway. Go for complete empty. Deal?"

Maddie's bladder must have agreed to the terms. She was only sitting up for a second before she felt herself pissing like a racehorse, and she had to laugh at her perfectly lady-like pose she was loudly wetting her pants in. Her posture had her pussy aimed straight down, but the towel couldn't absorb her pee as fast as it was gushing out of her, and she soon felt herself sitting in a warm puddle that spread up the sides and back of her jeans. Maddie moaned and gasped in pleasure, finding the joy of this release as great as the sweet torture she had gone through to get it. Still peeing, her pussy was now throbbing with pleasure that radiated out to every inch of her now shaking body. Maddie began to rock back and forth, grinding her pussy into the drenched towel underneath her. She orgasmed just as her accident began to slow to a trickle, causing her last bit of pee to come out in a series of hard spurts in time to her pussy's contractions.

Maddie lay back against the couch, unable to think, much less move, and simply giggled with joy. Recovering herself slightly, she began to drink her water even faster, eager to try that again. Try as she might, though, Maddie couldn't get herself that desperate again. Her pussy had simply had enough for one day and wouldn't cooperate with any attempts to fill her bladder. She wasn't sure she even had a bladder anymore. Sure, it must be in there somewhere, but it was as if her body was now simply a straight tube from one end to the other. Any water she poured into her mouth poured right back out of her pussy seconds later. She may as well save herself the effort of drinking it and dump her glass right into her lap, she thought as she had what had to be the hundredth tiny accident.

Maddie couldn't hold more than three drops of pee to save her life, and she was desperate to feel desperate again, when her phone rang. "Why on earth is work calling me for on my day off?" Maddie wondered as she reached to grab it off the table where she had left it to stay dry, peeing a little as she did. "Hello?" she asked as she peed a little more. "Maddie, where are you?"

"Sitting at home, why?"

"Well you're supposed to be working!" Maddie peed and asked, "What are you talking about? I'm off today."

"No, you're off tomorrow. You must have been looking at last week's schedule. I can stay and cover you for a little while, but you need to get here as soon as you can. I can't leave the kids alone all night, you know."

"Ok, ok, I'll be there as soon as I can. Thanks for covering for me."

"Just get here soon, ok?" she heard before the call ended. Maddie didn't know what she was going to do now, and as she thought, she peed.

*003*2023-04-08 19:21

I've finished a third chapter. In an effort to not clutter up the front page of the fiction section, it and all following chapters will just be added to the comments of the chapter one post.

