A Golden Shower in the Golden Hot Springs

Author: PPP

*000*2020-04-01 01:28

Hi everybody. The third story from this thread: https://www.omorashi.org/topic/52533-which-story-part-2/ - is now finished!

A word of warning: this one is a lot more explicit in terms of sexual content than what I usually write.

(Also, due to the new content policy, the Young Link/Inkling fic from the above thread is cancelled. Sorry.)

###

It had been a long day of defending Skyworld, and Pit, captain of the goddess Palutena’s centurion guards, was ready for some rest and relaxation. And there was no better place for that than Skyworlds’s hot springs, whose gold-hued waters healed the body and soul. Upon reaching the springs, Pit stripped off his tunic and shorts and headed for his favorite pool. The only problem was that someone was already there.

Palutena herself was seated at the edge of the pool without a stitch of clothing on, dipping her legs in the water.

“Ah, Pit,” she said with a smile. “So nice of you to join me.”

“L-Lady Palutena?” cried Pit, the shock of what he was seeing setting in. Turning bright red, he quickly used one hand to cover his groin, the other his eyes. “What are you doing here?”

“What does it look like I’m doing?” Palutena replied. “And there’s no need to be so shy.”

Despite himself, Pit uncovered his eyes to see his patron goddess standing before him. He couldn’t help noticing her curvy figure and how the carpet matched the bright green drapes. Palutena also seemed a little… excited. She was breathing heavily, and her face had a distinctly reddish hue to it.

“Like what you see?” Palutena asked, stretching her limbs languidly. Pit swallowed hard before he spoke.

“Lady Palutena, w-what do you want from me? I just wanted to take a bath.”

“Well,” said Palutena, now blushing even more than Pit was, “I may be a divine goddess, but I still have… needs, same as any mortal.” She reached for Pit’s right hand, which was still covering his crotch. “Or angel, come to think of it.”

“Um, I’d love to, ah, help you, but...,”Pit trailed off. It was getting harder to think now that blood was rushing to places other than his brain.

“But what?” questioned Palutena, bending over to meet Pit at eye level.

“But, uh, aren’t you, y’know, dating someone already?” asked Pit. “That blue-haired girl, Lucy or whatever her name is.”

“Ah yes,” said Palutena, smiling at the memory, “and she’s been wonderful. But she understands that we divine beings can’t limit ourselves to one partner. I mean, look at Zeus. He can’t keep it in his pants for five minutes.”

“L-leave Zeus and his pants out of this!” cried Pit.

Palutena sighed. “Pit, what’s the matter? Are you nervous? Don’t be.”

“Y-you don’t know what you’re saying!” protested Pit. “You say you want this but-”

“Pit,” said Palutena, silencing him with a finger to his lips. “I know I want this.”

That was when Pit admitted to himself that he wanted the same thing. He’d had impure thoughts about his goddess before, but he’d always pushed them aside, never dreaming he’d get to act on them. He removed the hand covering his modesty and tentatively stepped towards Palutena. The goddess embraced him and kissed him deeply, and Pit was overwhelmed by sensations; the sweet taste of her lips, her gentle hands caressing his wings, her soft and smooth skin against his… it felt so good. After a long time, they broke apart, both breathing heavily. Palutena lay down in the shallow spring and beckoned for Pit.

“Pit, there’s something else I want you to do.”

“Yes, Lady Palutena?”

Palutena’s reply was very quiet and hesitant, as if it embarrassed her to say it.

“I want you to… to pee on me, Pit.”

“W-what?” cried Pit, taken aback. “What are you talking about?”

“You heard me,” said Palutena, sounding more confident. “I want you to take a pee.” She rubbed her ample chest. “All over me.”

“But… I…” Pit sputtered. “That’s not sanitary!”

Palutena laughed. “Oh, nothing we’ll be doing will be sanitary. To be honest, I’ve wanted to try this for a while now. Come on, just try it.”

Pit’s curiosity overtook his hesitation. He took a deep breath. “All right. I’ll, um, pee on you.”

“Thank you,” said Palutena with a smile. She reclined further. “Go ahead. Just let it all out.”

Pit grabbed his penis, aimed the best he could with his shaking hand, and relaxed his bladder. For a while, nothing came out. Eventually, however, Pit felt the fluid coming. Pee flowed out of him in a golden arc and splashed against Palutena’s breasts. The goddess let out a gasp of surprise and delight as the warm liquid hit her. She ran her hands over her body, spreading it all around as Pit kept peeing.

“Yes!” Palutena gasped. “More! More!”

At her request, Pit waved his penis from side to side, sending droplets flying everywhere like a sprinkler. Seeing how much Palutena was enjoying it, he tried to keep the pee coming, but after a while his stream died down. He shook off the last few drops and stared at the goddess. She was glistening from his urine, redder in the face than ever, and looked very satisfied.

“So, uh, did you like it?” asked Pit.

“Oh yes,” said Palutena breathlessly. “The warmth and the wetness… it just felt so good.”

“Glad to hear it. You know, for what it’s worth, that didn’t feel as gross as I thought it would.”

Unsure of what to do next, Pit had turned to leave when he felt Palutena’s hand on his shoulder.

“Where do you think you’re going?” she asked. “I haven’t properly thanked you yet.”

“Thanked me?” Pit repeated. He felt himself grow stiff. “What did you have in mind?”

“Looks like someone’s eager,” said Palutena, eyeing his groin. “Lie down in that hot spring.”

Trembling with anticipation, Pit lay on his back in a shallow pool. The next thing he knew, Palutena was on top of him, her legs straddling his chest and her lips caressing his penis. She delicately ran her tongue over the tip before taking it fully in her mouth. Pit moaned with pleasure as Palutena moved her lips up and down his shaft. The softness of her lips and the warmth of her mouth were heavenly. Her pussy was right in his face, pink and moist. Pit felt a sudden urge and was barely able to raise his voice.

“L-lady Palutena, may I-”

“Go ahead,” said Palutena, briefly taking her mouth off his penis before going back down.

With that, Pit raised his head and let his tongue explore Palutena’s waiting vulva. The goddess gasped and shivered with pleasure at the sensation. As the two of them pleasured each other, Pit wished it would never end. It was pure bliss.

“Ah!” Palutena cried, interrupting Pit’s thoughts.”Pit! I’m going to-”

Her words were cut off by a scream of ecstasy as she orgasmed, and Pit felt the warm, sticky fluids splash against his face. He was surprised to find he didn’t mind. But then he felt more liquid, hotter and in a steadier stream. Pit moved his head back to get a better view, and confirmed what he had suspected: when she came, Palutena had lost control of her bladder. She was peeing all over his face.

“Ohh… I’m so sorry..” Palutena gasped, still letting out a steady stream. “I… lost control.”

But, once again, Pit found that he didn’t mind. In fact, the warm urine felt… really good. He felt himself getting closer to the edge, but didn’t get a chance to warn Palutena. He cried out as he came explosively, blowing his load in a few furious spurts.

Both parties let out contented sighs and finally disentangled. They were red, sweaty, and their faces were drenched with the other’s bodily fluids (Palutena hadn’t moved her head out of the way).

“Wow,” said Pit, catching his breath. “That felt great. Did I, uh, do a good job?”

“I came first; I’d say that answers the question!” Palutena laughed. “Sorry I peed on you by the way.”

“It’s okay. I honestly kind of liked it.”

“Well, well, well. Looks like I’m not the only one,” said Palutena teasingly. She pulled Pit into another embrace. “We should do this again sometime.”

“I’d like that,” said Pit. “I really would.”

Palutena smiled and took Pit’s hand, leading him to a deeper hot spring

“Come on,” she said, “let’s get cleaned up. I’ll let you wash me.”

“Cleaned up?” Pit repeated.

“Yes, cleaned up! Isn’t that why you came to the hot springs in the first place?”

“Oh. Right. I guess I kinda forgot about that.”

THE END

