Teasing

Author: Pancakez

*000*2024-07-25 21:41

I sit next to my girlfriend in class and as time ticks by, I eye her watching the clock. I glance down and notice the tiniest wiggle of her ass on the wooden chair. I reach for my backpack on the floor and grab my full water bottle from the side pocket. I open it and slide it over to her. She looks at me with sad blue eyes, silently begging me not to make her drink it.

I lean over and whisper in her ear, “Come on baby, you know the rules”.

She whimpers almost silently before downing the entire bottle.

“Good girl,” I say as I wipe the little water that trickled out of her mouth with my finger. “We wouldn’t want you to waste any now would we,” I say as I push my finger in her mouth. She sucks on my finger before looking down at her lap. I can tell she is trying really hard not to move around too much. We’re in the back of the class but she still doesn’t want to risk drawing attention to herself.

I grab the water bottle from the table, pushing it into her hand. “Go throw this out for me, would you Love?” I ask, a sly grin creeping on my face.

She doesn’t even try to resist and stands up. Immediately she shoves her hands into her crotch. She’s wearing a small pink skirt that stops right where her ass does. She regains her composure and walks up to the front of the class to throw out the water bottle. She speed walks back to her seat, almost losing control. When she sits down, I place my hand gently over her bladder and start to rub small circles over the area ever so lightly.

“Please stop,” she begs, “I can’t hold it for that long”.

“Yes you can,” I reply, “and you have.”

“But Daddy please!! I don’t think I can hold it today,”

I remove my hand but only because I’m not done with her yet, and can’t have her ruining my fun early. After class we hop in my car and I drive us home. The whole drive she is wiggling and whimpering ever so slightly.

I get out and we rush into the house, but I don’t let her use the bathroom. I had locked both of them before I left this morning and now I watch as she struggles to pull them open.

“Sit down,” I commanded her.

She sits down in a dining chair persistently wiggling.

“Please Daddy!!! PLEASE!!! I don’t think I can hold it any longer.” She begs, a soft moan escaping her mouth as she grabs at her pussy.

“Get your hands off now,” I spit as I grab her arms. “This isn’t your pussy now is it? Who’s pussy is this?”

“Yours daddy but plea..”

“Enough!!” I cut her off. “I will do with you what I wish. All you have to do is keep making those sexy little noises,” I lower myself until I am face to face with her quivering pussy. I lift her skirt and notice a small wet spot on her gray cotton panties.

I look up at her, “Did my princess have an accident?” I ask. All I get is whimper as a response so I ask again. “Did my princess HAVE an ACCIDENT?”

“I did Daddy but please don’t punish me. I tried really hard but it was too much. My pussy was aching and and….,”

“But baby you know the rules. Big girls don’t have accidents, and if they do they have to be punished,”

I pick her up, sit down in her chair and lay her across my lap. I take off her shoes, socks, and skirt. I stare at the perfect mounds of her ass as I gently caress them.

“Daddy I’ll have a big accident if you hit me, I can’t” I cut her off with a harsh smack to her left ass cheek.

“FUCK DADDY. I CAN”T”

“You’re getting ten and you better count each one unless you want more. Do you understand?”

“YES DADDY”

“Now start at one”

“ONE UGHH FUCK,” she sobs as her body lurches forward.

Another smack and, “TWO, AH AH AH OH MY GOD,” she moans.

“THREEEEE!!!!,” she screams. By now she’s crying but I know she’s enjoying it more than not.

“FOUR, FIVE, SIX, DADDDDYYYYY!!!! I’M GONNA LEAK,” She begs.

“You better hold it in,” I say as I fire off the next three.

“SEVEN, EIGHT, NINE, UGGHHH, AH AH AH. PLEASE NO MORE I’M CLOSE TO LEAKING. PLEASE,”

I smack her ass one final time.

“FUCK TEN,” she sobs as her ass burns a bright red. She managed to get through with no further leaking, but i’m just getting started. I set her back on the chair watching as she squirms from the sensitivity of her ass. I get back on my knees and spread open her legs.

“DADDY NO,” I slap her thigh as she goes to stop me.

“Talk back to me one more time and I will tie you up and leave you till morning, understand?”

She simply nods as tears prick at her eyes. I spread open her trembling thighs and slowly feel my way up them. I get close to her panties but don’t quite touch them yet. I can see her pussy beating through the thin fabric, begging to be touched. I slowly slide them down her legs, piss beading on her lips. I stick my tongue out and lightly graze her clit with it.

“UGHHHH, FUCK DADDY. THAT FEELS SOOO GOOODDD!!!”

I take my middle and ring finger and slowly insert them into her pussy. I feel her muscles contract, pulling my fingers in the rest of the way.

“WAIT STOP I’M GONNA PISS IF YOU DO THAT. AH, I CAN’T HOLD IT MUCH LONGER,”.

I immediately pull my fingers out and grab her face.

“You are not allowed to pee until you cum, so you better figure out how to be a big girl and hold it,” I growl at her. I lower myself again and begin my pursuit of her vagina.

I suck her clit directly into my mouth as I pump three fingers in and out. Her thighs are suffocating me at this point but I don’t stop. She tries to push my head away, but I hold her arm down with my free hand.

“NO DADDY, YOU HAVE TO STOP. I’M GONNA PISS. I REALLY CAN’T HOLD IT!!! IT’S PUSHING AT MY VAGINA PLEASE,” she begins whimpering, “mmmhhh, mmmhh, DADDY STOP IT’S COMING. I’M GONNA LEAK! I’M LEAKING AHHH!!!!,”

Suddenly I’m hit in the face with hot piss as her dam finally breaks.

“UGHHHH, AH AH AH, YESSSS. OH SHIIIITTTTT!!!!” Her relief doesn't last long when she realizes her mistake.

“Daddy please I didn’t mean to do that. You were just being so mean and, and,” she gives up halfway and just sappily stares at me.

I silently get up and strip her from her remaining clothes on top. She doesn't dare say anything. Knowing that she hasn’t cum yet gives me an idea.

“Clean up this mess,” I say as I throw her shirt her way.

I go upstairs into our bedroom closet and grab a few items that I will need to torture the fuck out of her. I call for her to come upstairs and lay in our bed waiting. I hear the sound of her footsteps before her naked figure fills out our door frame.

“Daddy,” she whimpers, “I really didn’t mean to. It was an accident.”

“And what did I say about big girls who have accidents?,” I question.

“They get punished,” she whispers as she looks towards her feet.

I walk over to her, pick her up and throw her on the bed.

“There’s only one rule tonight, and that is that you do not get to cum until I tell you to,”

“Ok Daddy but I’m already so close..”

I grab her face, “so this will be even more fun for me,” I spit out.

I start by tying her hands and feet to each individual bedpost, leaving her laying like a starfish. She’s already so turned on that she is squirming against the restraints. I let her until I see her start humping the air. I slam her hips back down and then decide to blindfold her. With her all tied up I can do whatever I want. I crawl up her body and start slowly playing with her right nipple.

“Uhhh” she moans out.

I then begin to play with the other, touching them both so lightly. Until I suddenly pinch the left one as I simultaneously slap her right tit. Her body lurches.

“FUUUUCCCCKKKK!!!!!”

I then slowly kiss down her body until I’m right where she wants me. I grab a vibrator from the side of the bed and slowly rub her clit. Her legs tighten and I know she’s close. But we’re not even close to done. I remove it from her clit.

“Daddy PLEASE I NEEEED it,” she begs.

I once again crawl up her body and delicately kiss all around her face.

“You’ll get what you want only if you behave,” I trail my kisses down her body again and this time take a butt plug and shove it up her ass, dry. She screams out in pain but I don’t care. I attach clips to the butt plug, run the strings attached to them over her body, and clip the other end to her nipples. I then untie her.

“Get up,” I plan on taking her to the shower.

She stands up, still blindfolded, and I watch as the strings tighten each time she moves. Her legs are shaking and I know she wants to cum but she won’t. I guide her to the shower where she has to step over the bathtub wall. Lifting her legs tightens the strings that much more.

