Hot Soccer Player pisses himself. TEASER

Author: P.P. King

*000*2022-03-24 18:02

Hi everyone! I'm currently in the process of writing my first male omorashi story. It will be titled Hot Soccer Player Pisses Himself (HSP for quick reference) and it will deal with a group of friends living in a small town in northern Italy. The protagonist is Luca, a quarta superiore student ( = 12th grader) and promising soccer player. An Italian variation on the handsome and popular high school jock.

The story will be set in the fictional town of Bresmona, governed by the young, eccentric local entrepreneur Brunello Maserati, who, as a result of the Decorum Act, tightened up on public urination among other things and created the Decorum Patrol, basically a private police force meant to enforce the Decorum act and keep the streets of Bresmona clean and safe.

I promise there will be lots of sexy male desperation and wetting, more explicit sex scenes and who knows, maybe even some female omorashi if I should feel so inclined.

It's gonna be a long project, I'd like to turn it into a saga. But it shouldn't be too long before you get to read chapter 1. As always, let me know what you think! It won't be an interactive story but I'm open to suggestions.

*005*2022-03-25 00:04

{{3 hours ago, Desperationpee said:

Mettila anche in italiano grazie!

}}

Accipicchia mi chiedi di lavorare il doppio! Hahah

*007*2022-04-03 23:01

{{On 3/24/2022 at 8:32 PM, Alex62 said:

Sounds great. Can’t wait to read part 1!

}}

{{On 3/24/2022 at 9:56 PM, Desperationpee said:

Mettila anche in italiano grazie!

}}

{{On 3/24/2022 at 10:45 PM, eucoloco said:

Love the Idea. Please detailed and prolongued male desperation

}}

{{On 3/24/2022 at 11:02 PM, skirtandtights said:

This sounds like a good story. I've seen some of your other posts and you're a good writer. I'm definitely looking forward to reading this

}}

{{On 3/25/2022 at 1:00 PM, Spectator9 said:

It sounds promising!

}}

PART 1 IS OUT!

