Omovember 2021: Day 13

Author: PPP

*000*2021-11-17 04:58

$$

This one was inspired by a comment @bibibibi left on my last Omovember (Day 5 on the blog, to be exact.)

###

Day 13: Peeing lesson/demonstration Urbosa (Breath of the Wild)

###

The harsh sun beat down upon the desert. Urbosa, chief of the Gerudo, wiped sweat off her brow. The all-female tribe had lived in these sands for generations, but the heat was starting to affect even her.

“Forward, warriors!” she ordered. Behind her, several tall, muscular women with sun-bronzed skin grumbled as they marched in linear formation. Urbosa was taking her soldiers out into the desert for a round of training, and they had almost reached their destination.

Eventually, Urbosa spotted her target.

“Halt!” she cried, and her troops came to a stop in front of a large rock jutting out of the ground. Its shadow was cast over the Gerudo, but even in the dim light they could see many strange dark markings on it. Urbosa stepped forward to address her troops.

“Soldiers, your training has been thorough,” she said. “You know more ways to slay your foe than even Hyrule’s royal guard.”

“Tell us something we don’t know, chief,” sneered Serul, a Gerudo with bright orange hair. A swift glare from Aveil, Urbosa’s second-in-command, silenced her.

“However,” the chief continued, “there is still one skill you have yet to learn. A skill passed down through generations of Gerudo. An unusual skill, perhaps, but a vital one.”

“You all ate your hydromelons before we left, yes?” Urbosa asked, and received a chorus of agreement. The round fruits were filled with a hydrating liquid that was great for staving off heat and was very filling.

“Now,” Urbosa continued, pausing for effect, “I would guess you all need to relieve yourselves, correct?” A few of the Gerudo blushed, but none answered. “I asked you a question!” Urbosa barked, and this time her troops spoke up, agreeing in an embarrassed tone. The chief laughed.

“I don’t blame you,” she assured them. Indeed, she could feel a familiar pressure in her midsection. “That liquid goes right through you. Now, it would be easy to take care of your business behind that rock. However, what would you do if you needed to go while on patrol?”

There was a long silence before one of the Gerudo spoke up. Urbosa recognized her as Aisa, a shy woman who was nonetheless a skilled fighter.

“Well,” said Aisa, her voice barely a whisper, “I guess I would find a place to squat and-”

“Wrong,” Urbosa interrupted. “That position would lower your line of sight and leave you vulnerable.”

“Well, what else are we supposed to do?” asked Serul. “We can’t just stand and aim!”

“Also wrong,” said Urbosa. “With this technique, you’ll be able to do so just as well as a voe. Now watch and learn.” With that, Urbosa undid her belt and let her apron-like dress fall. She removed her underwear next, tossing them aside.

“Oh, relax,” she scoffed at her gawking soldiers. “We all have the same parts. And trust me, you’ll want to get naked to avoid splashing yourself.”

“You’re joking, right?” Serul asked incredulously.

“Dead serious,” Urbosa replied. “This technique’s a lifesaver. Now, clothes off!”

With varying degrees of embarrassment, the Gerudo complied, taking off their pants and underwear. A bright red Aisa used both hands to cover herself. Ignoring her, Urbosa strode up to the rock with confidence. This was a ritual she had performed many times.

“Observe,” she instructed, “then do as I do. Face the rock wall and push out your hips. Then, take two fingers and spread your lips.” Urbosa demonstrated, reaching down and pulling the folds of her labia aside. “The idea is to give yourself a clean shot,” she explained. “Finally, you simply let go.”

Urbosa relaxed her bladder, and almost immediately a powerful stream of pee rushed out of her. It flew through the air almost horizontally before hitting the rock wall with a loud splash. Urbosa watched as her urine trickled down to the sand below, where it was absorbed almost as quickly as her sweat had been earlier.

“Once you have a good flow going,” she explained, turning her head to face the wide-eyed Gerudo, “you can pull your fingers back further to really get some distance.” The chief did so, and her pee stream rose to form a graceful arc before striking the rock at almost chest height. Golden droplets went flying, hitting the ground by Urbosa’s feet.

Once she finally ran dry, Urbosa took a step back to admire her handiwork. There was a huge dark stain on the rock that trailed like a river down to the ground. It was higher than any of the strange markings on the wall, and Urbosa laughed heartily.

“Why, that’s the highest I’ve ever gotten!” she exclaimed.

“You mean, all those weird markings-”

“Correct, Aisa,” the chief interrupted. “The Gerudo have been urinating on this rock since time unknown. Now, it is your turn to add to it! Just remember what I said, and you’ll be fine.”

The soldiers marched forward to stand shoulder-to-shoulder in front of the stone.

“Stare and I’ll kill you,” Serul snapped. The Gerudo spread their legs and reached down, and the loud hissing of several simultaneous pees hit Urbosa’s ears. She took a look to see how they were doing, and the results were mixed. Kibona, a dark-skinned woman with bright pink hair above and below, seemed to have gotten the hang of it; she laughed in exhilaration as her stream landed about knee-high. Aveil was also doing very well; she was entirely silent as she peed on the rock, completely focused on the task at hand. Serul, on the other hand, was having more trouble. She let out a string of curses as she tried and failed to aim. Her stream sputtered before she lost control entirely, sending a torrent of urine running down her leg. Another Gerudo, Hutiri, had also given up and was just peeing directly onto the sand below her, sighing in relief. Overall though, Urbosa was pleased with her soldiers’ efforts.

It took a while to get rid of all that hydromelon juice, but the warriors eventually finished relieving themselves. As they got dressed again, Urbosa looked at their progress on the rock. Most had left their marks at a decent height, though none matched the chief’s.

“Good work, troops,” she announced.

“‘Good work’?” cried Serul. “My legs are soaking wet!”

“Keep practicing and you’ll improve,” Urbosa assured her. “This technique will serve you well one day. Now, come. Drinks at The Noble Canteen are on me!”

With a loud cheer, the Gerudo began their march back to town.

###

Next up: And there was only one toilet!

$

