Her Majesty's Evening

Author: Pain

*000*2020-10-13 13:38

$$

Queen Hasnat heard Lord Patrick calling to her merrily from the top of the serpentine steps. Pretending not to notice him, she waddled a bit faster. “See that no one disturbs me, I’ll be having my supper with Sir John tonight.” Sir John was her husband’s guest at the capital but this supper was just a practice of courtesy and nothing more.

Two knights had the door guard. Hasnat greeted them pleasantly, and grimaced before starting up the stairs. Though she was still young the climb to her bedchamber made her legs ache. Within she found a girl of twelve laying out clothing on the bed. “Your dress, my Queen,” the girl mumbled when Hasnat entered, staring down at her feet. Even when she worked up the courage to speak, the girl could never quite manage to look at Her Majesty’s face.

“Very good. Help me dress.” The dress was black velvet covered with golden patterns in the shape of lions’ heads. The Queen’s private audience chamber was not so large as the king’s, nor a patch on the vastness of the throne room, but Queen Hasnat liked its Persian rugs, wall hangings, and sense of intimacy. Being a Queen wasn’t easy, her day was hectic and she met so many people. Of course she couldn’t remember their names, she had always been bad with names, but what she definitely never forgot were the Bible verses she had memorized. Her ability to recall Bible verses was astounding. She had all of the New Testament and large sections of the Old Testament committed to memory. All the people of the court were profoundly impacted by her immersion in the Scriptures.

“How did you come to memorize so much of the Bible?” was the question Her Majesty was asked the most. And she always answered with the same words, “Well, I never really tried to memorize but before I prepare to preach a series of sermons to the ladies of the court on a book of the Bible, I first read it out loud fifty times before preaching it. Since I prayed a lot in my younger years, I had lots of opportunities to read passages over and over again.”

“My mother’s dedication with prayer was a helpful turning point for me in my own commitment to memorize the Scriptures. I had already tackled some large portions of the Bible and committed them to memory, but the process of getting there had been rather painful. I looked at the verse, covered it with my hand, looked into the air and tried to quote it by memory, uncover the verse with my hand to see what I missed, correct whatever mistakes I made, tried again. It was hard work, and the results were not always satisfying.”

Bible reading wasn’t the only thing that kept Her Majesty’s interest. She liked singing hymns and braiding her girls’ hair. She was a woman of utmost elegance and discipline. The Queen’s chambers were decorated with tapestries and paintings of the most fabled painters. The food was well prepared, with large roasted goose, sweet potato pie, boiled ham, and some desserts that awaited on the table.

“Well, you know, what happen was like this. I took out my sword and charged towards this big man ….,” John looked serious, “Oh no, my Queen, are you scared?”

“Oh, please go on, Sir John,” Queen Hasnat said, “I just find these war stories…. a bit unsettling that is all.” Her Majesty forced a smile.

“I apologize for that, Your Majesty” John said, “I just don’t have other stories.”

“It’s all right. It’s fine,” the Queen smiled, looking at Sir John bring the cup of wine to his mouth. “I just have lived those memories the most to tell about them precisely. I’m sorry for that. I thought I was so filled to the brim with stories, just like those story tellers from the streets, filled up to almost bursting,” John smiled, “Shall I go on?”

“Yes, you may,” Her Majesty said, “But to be honest I am quite averse to these tales of wars that are on the lips of every other man that I see through my day, I want to listen to a ghost story.”

“I have so many things to tell, but I’m very bad at ghost stories,” John looked worried, drinking once more. Her Majesty could see John squirm. She was curious if Sir John had to use the toilet.

“It’s all right. Just tell the story,” she told John. “All right. It begins with my grandpa and his friends Judas travelling to a very small village to visit Judas’ uncle, where they were told that a werewolf was hunting travelers at night.”

“Aha,” the Queen listened attentively. She could see him grabbing his crotch.

“So my Grandpa and his friend Judas went there, asked for permission to stay with his uncle, but the folks who lived there were scared of the stories about the werewolf they had heard of and so my grandfather decided to kill the werewolf and free the villagers of the fear. His friend, Judas but felt the urge to piss when they started walking into the dark forest.”

Queen Hasnat tried to suppress her laughter. “I’m sorry, Sir John,” she quickly apologized.

“Ahem,” John resumed with the story, “so my grandpa told Judas to just pee in the forest but Judas said that although he really needed to pee he couldn’t do it out of fear.”

Her Majesty again saw John grabbing his crotch. “Judas wanted to piss but he was scared that if he did the werewolf would catch him so he held his bladder and went back to the village after a while. In the morning the next day, my grandfather wondered why his friend hadn’t come up for breakfast, so he visited Judas’ cottage. Well, what he found was just a wet floor and a soaked bed.”

John drank the last sip of his drink, “God, I need to pee!”

“Can you hold on a little bit longer, Sir John!” Hasnat urged. “I am listening!”

“OK,” John squirmed. “Well,” John smiled, “my grandfather couldn’t find Judas, so he went to the back of the cottage, and found Judas wearing his clothes, and spreading his soaked undergarments on the rope. Judas told him later that he dreamt of being attacked by the werewolf, just to wake up wetting himself. So he quickly got out of bed, but he just couldn’t hold it anymore. That’s it. That’s the end of the werewolf story.”

“It wasn’t a ghost story, but it was good,” Queen Hasnat laughed. The laughter seemed contagious, and soon Sir John was laughing as well.

“I think you need some dessert. I have had the cooks prepare my favorite pudding and mince pies!” Her Majesty said, “But you need to tell more scary stories in return for them,” she smiled.

She got up to go to the door so she could ask the maids to bring in the desert and no sooner she saw John heading in the same direction, but rushing to the toilet just a few steps away. Queen Hasnat could hear very well the thick stream of urine as it gushed into the stony privy hole of the toilet she had recently rearranged the interiors of. The thought that he was so desperate that he could not even wait to seek her permission before using her toilet was making her horny.

Listening to his piss had got her so excited and the thoughts racing through her head were making her go crazy.

“I have never held my pee this long and this much.” Sir John said the first thing as he joined the Queen back on the dinner table. Though Hasnat had never met John before, she found him friendly, charming, talkative, and well-built, plus he was handsome, and had a really big bladder. At one point she almost told him that she loved writing in her secret memoir stories about men dying to urinate. She had been very busy these days. She thought that maybe she should tell him that she had been trying to write a story, but hadn't got any clear ideas, except of a man pissing very hard at night under the tree, or at the side of the street. She wanted to share those fantasies with him. She wanted to admit it to him that she was turned on by his rush to the toilet and long loud urination but decided not to. It was very unbecoming of a woman and she was the Queen, she was not supposed to have such vile thoughts. She was supposed to be classy and sophisticated and that she was going to be.

John, who had so much to drink throughout the evening, again was feeling the need to hold his urine which was entering his bladder. He felt a slight need before he started with the second ghost story, and his situation was worsened by the Queen’s deliberate story of “The Mermaid in the River,” a short story she had read very recently. Then, to go even further, she began the tale of the haunted public pissynholes. Both stories made him wince, and made Sir John rush to the toilet once after the second story ended. He was almost on the verge of leaking. The Queen went wild when she heard John’s loud piss. She’d never noticed that the handsome John peed a lot and quite frequently. After he left, Queen Hasnat could not fall asleep for a long time that night.

*001*2020-10-16 17:33

Queen Hasnat loved how Sir Jude opened doors and pulled chairs for her where ever she went. He was a true chivalrous knight like the stories her old grandmother told her, but what she really loved about the man was his massive bulging crotch. She had found herself fantasizing many a times about his cock, but then decided she needed to put more time into her study of the Bible. Such sinful thoughts were only going to lead her to her doom, she knew, but she couldn’t just stop thinking about his body.

She had an evil fascination for handsome men like Sir Jude dying to urinate, although she’d accepted that she enjoyed the thought of desperation more if it was a man with a big cock. She loved the manhood. All through the day she was the regal and pious Queen Majesty of the Twelve Kingdoms who was pure and without sin, but at night when she was alone in her chambers and her husband was busy with his drunken feasts and hollering, Queen Hasnat would let her thoughts go wild. She had even contemplated burying her face into Sir Jude’s crotch when they would be alone and then beg for his forgiveness later for the immense and unforgiveable sin that she had committed, but then she erased the thought from her mind upon imagining the kind of upheaval it would create if the word of her act got out. Her husband would have her burned at the stakes on the charges of fornication and infidelity.

However she was not entirely out of luck when it came to Sir Jude.

Queen Hasnat was aware that Sir Jude had this habit of forgetting to wanting to use the toilet privy, or simply not noticing he had to go until it was critical. He'd just try to pay no heed to it, saying nothing, because he was with her, or suppress his need and try and alleviate the pain until he could take it no longer, and suddenly dash off to the toilet. Queen Hasnat had two of instances of him suddenly realizing he really had to take a massive piss and rushing off logged away in her mind for whenever she felt horny. What she regretted the most was that somehow Sir Jude always managed to make it out dry (at least to her knowledge), but it was really the desperation that got her excited each time.

The Queen would sometimes visit Sir Jude in his chambers after supper for some small talk and wine and it was during one of those visits that Queen Hasnat knocked his door, “May I come in, Sir Jude?” she bit her lower lip, “I hope you aren’t asleep.”

He opened the door and Her Majesty found this to be a perfect opportunity to ask him for a walk in the royal gardens. She loved walking at nights and he said "Sure."

But when they reached down to the gardens... "I am so dumb..." was the first thing he said when they started their walk.

"What...? Why...?" Queen Hasnat asked in a confused tone while she waited for him to enlighten her. After beating around the bush for a minute, he finally confessed. "I really need to use the toilet, I was about to use it when you knocked on my door and I should have gone before we came here but I didn’t..."

"Oh! I'm sorry!"

"No, it's okay, my Queen, I didn't say anything..."

"You can go now, I'll wait for you here..."

"No, because that would be too rude to leave a lady waiting like that."

Aww. Queen Hasnat wished he did not see her grinning on her face. She was so happy.

Every few minutes or so he would say something like, "Gah, I am bursting for a piss," as they continued to walk.

Finally, he said, "If I rush I might make in time to the toilet...I will piss like a horse when I get there" Queen Hasnat was speechless and unsure how to answer that. All she could muster was, "...It's okay you must hurry..." She never was brave enough to tell him about her fixation. Finally, she let him go to use the toilet, because it was getting harder and harder to keep her excitement under control for her. She got so horny that she almost masturbated that night but she did not because it was vile and sinful deed in the eyes of the God and she would never commit such a sin.

The sight of Sir Jude holding himself and the imagination of a wet spot emerging on his pants as he rushed to his room made her wild with arousal but she controlled herself. Ah, good times.

Another incident happened when they after several months decided to go the forests nearby for a ride. Queen Hasnat knew it was going to be a long ride for them without any relief and she was half prepared to see Sir Jude squirming on his horse.

Half day past, Queen Hasnat noticed Sir Jude pressing his legs on either side of the animal, maybe he wanted to get back to the castle as soon as possible.

Then as the dusk crawled upon the sky, out of nowhere, Sir Jude said the words Her Majesty had wanted to hear for so long, “I need to wee so badly.”

“What is the matter with you, saying that in front of Royalty?” Queen Hasnat laughed. Had anyone else dared to utter those words the Queen would have reprimanded them but here it was Sir Jude with the big cock.

She imagined Sir Jude reaching really desperate to his chambers only find his toilet locked and key lost. Then she would be there to save him. Maybe he would piss into the jug she would hold for him or even better maybe she would let him piss into her mouth just to save his dignity and keep him from embarrassing himself. She would suck his tired cock all night after that desperation, just as a thank you for letting her do all the things that she had always wanted to do.

The thoughts were making her wet and fanatical like an animal.

He was now riding with one hand on his belly, which looked swollen to Her Majesty, “Are you in a hurry? It looks like you really need to go. You can go in the woods if you need, I promise I will never tell that to anyone.”

“That is very kind of you, Your Majesty” he answered, “..but a man must know how to wait till it’s appropriate. A proper man cannot just do that out in the trees. We have to hold ourselves to a higher standard.”

“You drank too many of those beers” Queen Hasnat said. He had been drinking water continuously as well during their ride since morning and she was sure it was stretching his bladder to the point of bursting now.

“Aye, I did,” Jude said, “I thought I would be alright but I...” He stopped suddenly, wincing in agony as squeezed his crotch.

“You can tell me,” Hasnat said softly as she rode abreast to him. “I promise you will not be judged for anything you say here.” She watched as Sir Jude bent forward a little. Hasnat feigned interest in comforting the man, but in reality she was finding it amusing to watch him get more and more desperate as he talked.

He did not speak on their entire way back to the city and when they finally made it to the castle, Sir Jude made a mad dash to his chambers much to Queen Hasnat’s disappointment because she never came to know if he made it or not.

She couldn't follow him because that would have been awkward and too suggestive of her interest in his toilet incidents, unfortunately, if he made it or not she honestly didn't get know. The story had many different endings her mind as she imagined what may have happened on his run to the toilet in his room, because she had never seen him need to pee worse than on that evening. Ah, well, sadly for her he left for Hiverhall shortly after that, but Queen Hasnat could probably never let go of sweet memories like this.

