The park!

Author: peepal1

*000*2023-10-15 07:19

Matt and Samantha were friends. Matt lived uptown from Sam and she lived downtown from him.

They had been friends for a while now, the houses were separated by a park, this was a different park as it had no bathrooms, so you could go anywhere you needed to when desperation hit.

Looking up to the sky, grey clouds were seen. The 1st time in a long time it looked like rain. The plan was to meet and go on a hike past the park and to the forest and back before heading home.

The forest was a dark part of the park. It was almost a rainforest. It was the only place rain happened near them. Anyway Sam and Matt met up as planned, hot and tired each drank a few big gulps of water from their bottles.

Then they turned and started traveling back towards home. As they passed the forest. This was a very long walk and they were beginning to feel desperate for a bathroom.

It had started raining and they had reached the rainforest Matt couldn't hold it anymore, so he stopped by the trees and took his cork out of his pants and boxers and peed psssssss,psssssss adding liquid to the rain coming down. Then he looked at Sam who was squirming around by now, Desperate and holding it standing waiting for him, so Matt tucked his cork back in his clothes and they continued.

They were now at the otherside to the park by this time and Sam was at her limit. She slowly reached into her bag and took out a bowl she had left from lunch. Finding no relief from her desperate state she squatted and lifted her top, pulled her skirt and shorts down with her panties and peed into the container Quickly she filled it, dumped it and filled it again, It went splashing and hissing cascading out of her pussy, Psssssssss, psssssss. Ahhhhhh the relief of the pee showing on her face. For 2 whole minutes this continued and then the pee turned into drips before stopping. She took out a napkin and wiped herself before pulling her panties, shorts and skirt back up and letting her shirt down smoothed it out and then sanitized her hands. Then Matt sanitized his hands too, now happy and content they finished walking to the exit and went their separate ways home agreeing to meet more often.

