A Series of Incontinent Events

Author: peepantsrunner

*000*2023-03-23 09:39

Once again, I haven't actually read the book my title makes a pun of, I just found it a funny title to use. I wanted to write a story about a young woman who never makes it to the toilet the whole day, but has an accident literally every time she has to pee. I figured it wouldn't be much fun to make her do it all on purpose because she's already into wetting, or be medically Incontinent, or involve supernatural shenanigans. Just a crazy string of circumstances that make her pee herself over and over. I quickly realized my plot was going to get ridiculous, so I decided to just lean into that and go full "cheesy porno mode" with it instead. Without further ado, I present:

A Series of Incontinent Events

Cindy woke up with a start, and immediately jammed a hand between her firm thighs. "Wow! I have to piss!" she thought frantically. Throwing back the covers, she jumped out of bed in her light green panties and white cami tank top. She shuffled down the hall to her family's only bathroom, muttering, "gotta pee, gotta pee, gotta pee," under her breath all the way.

Finally at the door, she frantically rattled the handle. Locked! "Oh crap, I hope it's not Lucy in there." Lucy was Cindy's little sister. She had *just* discovered boys and makeup, and spent forever getting ready in the bathroom now. Cindy knocked and asked how long. "As long as I need. You'll get your turn later!" Lucy shouted back in irritation. Cindy knocked again. "I'm going to pee myself!"

"Ok. Go pee yourself somewhere else. It's my turn in here."

Cindy gave up the fight and ran back to her room to wiggle and squirm in privacy while she waited. Her improbably large and perky tits bounced right out of her skimpy top as she ran, and with both hands firmly committed to the task of holding her pee in, she had to hope that her long red hair would cover her freckled breasts if she passed anyone in the hallway. This sort of thing seemed to happen an awful lot to Cindy, and she was beginning to suspect that she was, in fact, a fictional character in a smut story and not a real girl at all.

Safely back in her room, Cindy grabbed a couple towels that the narrator of this story had thoughtfully placed there for just such an occasion as this. She was still holding out hope that she could hold in her pee, but a few drops leaking from between the lips of her tight and pink pussy told her it wasn't likely.

Cindy quickly realized two things about her situation. One, she wasn't going to make it, and two, if she peed still standing up it would be very loud and splash everywhere. She sat down on the towels on the floor just in time! No sooner had her perfectly toned sprinter's ass touched down than she lost all control.

A raging jet stream of pee shot from Cindy's pussy, soaking through her panties instantly. She grabbed herself in one last futile attempt to hold it in, but it was no good; the pee simply spurted through her fingers. She let out a tiny moan as she pissed forcefully into the towels, telling herself she was only relieved and not moaning in pleasure. Her mother, passing by in the hallway, thought she heard something strange from Cindy's room. She kept walking, though, because this isn't that kind of a story.

Fully empty, Cindy set herself to the task of cleaning up her mess. She shoved the dripping towels into the bottom of her hamper where hopefully they would go unsmelled until she could smuggle them into the washing machine. Next went her dripping green panties. Taking a moment to look at how far her pee had spread across them, darkening them from the bright green of her eyes to a deeper forest green, she noticed the way the dewy droplets off pee in her fiery red bush caught the morning sunlight, and found it strangely beautiful.

Cindy finally got around to covering her magnificent titties, threw on some pajama pants commando, and went to check if she could get into the bathroom yet. Once inside, she got in the shower to wash away her accident. She couldn't help but get aroused as she washed herself, and masturbated to a wonderful orgasm, because that's what girls who are actually just porn characters do in the shower.

All the excitement of the morning had put Cindy far behind schedule, and she had to rush to get dressed in her ridiculous short skirt, white thigh-high stockings, and white button-down blouse. That wasn't actually a uniform requirement at the school where Cindy attended as an 18-year old senior, she just chose to wear it today because the author of this story is a pervert. In all her haste to get out the door, she completely forgot to pee before leaving.

Cindy could tell her bladder was beginning to refill when she arrived at school, but with only seconds to spare, she rushed straight to first period. She could pee between first and second, she figured. The only problem with her plan was that the bathroom between those two classes was closed when she got there! There was a yellow fold-out sign right in the doorway like the "caution: wet floor" signs, except this one read, "sorry, Cindy: that's just the kind of story this is."

Groaning in disbelief, Cindy marched off to second period, wondering if she could hold her pee for another hour or if she'd have a repeat of this morning. She squirmed and fidgeted all through class, paying far more attention to the desperate tingling in her pussy than to history. Five minutes to go and her creamy white thighs were bouncing up and down in desperation, sending tiny vibrations up through her perky tits. She could make it five more minutes, she was almost certain of it.

Five minutes turned into another hour, though, when the whole class went as one to the football field. There was a pep rally for the football game tonight, and Cindy had forgotten all about it! She sat down in the bleachers and immediately doubled over with the effort of holding her pee in. Her pussy was literally quivering by now, but Cindy resolved to hold it better than she had that morning. She didn't know that it didn't work like that; that her bladder was in fact tired from being pushed to failure just hours ago and would fail much more easily now.

Small leaks began to trickle out of Cindy. For several agonizing minutes, she kept fighting anyway. It only took a few more leaks, each longer than the one before it, before she decided that wasn't going to work. In desperation, she did the only thing she could think of: she slowly scooted forward until her ass was hanging off the front of her bleacher seat. The very back of her well-developed glutes were still on the very edge, but her rapidly tiring pussy was now over the lower section between her seat, and the seat in front of her.

For the second time in one morning, Cindy fully emptied her bladder through her panties. This pair was light grey, although she suspected that if she lifted up her skirt to look, they would be dark grey by now. The pervert hiding under the bleachers could have told her that they were a lovely shade of charcoal, but she didn't know he was down there looking up skirts, and so she didn't ask him.

This time it definitely felt good to her, and she bit her lip to hold in the moan she wanted to let out. She knew if anyone was paying attention to her, there was no way they could miss her piss, but everyone was watching the cheerleaders dancing around, and the band mostly covered the sound of pee splattering against the metal between her feet, before falling several feet to splatter again on the ground beneath.

Cindy sat there for several minutes after her bladder had finished emptying, letting her panties drip dry. She hoped it would be enough to keep from making wet patches on her skirt when it was time to get up and move around again. She couldn't believe she had wet herself twice in one day, and gotten away with it both times. Was that good luck or bad luck? Of course, Randall the Pervert saw everything, but he would never tell because that would raise too many questions about why he was under the bleachers to begin with.

Deciding not to push her luck, Cindy cut back on the water for the rest of the day. You can't pee your panties if you don't even have to pee at all, she reasoned. Unfortunately, she forgot that your bladder can fill at least halfway before you feel any need to go, and also that after two accidents, her bladder wasn't in any shape for another round of torture. So, thinking she didn't need to use the restroom the rest of the day, she didn't.

Cindy did start drinking water again as school let out and she headed to the track to get ready for practice. It was hot out and she always tried to stay very well hydrated for workouts. Still, she felt no need to pee as she got changed into her tiny black spandex running shorts. Oh no! Somehow they had shrunk in the wash and were even smaller and tighter than usual! Seeing how bad her panty line was in them, Cindy decided to simply wear them without any panties, and shoved them still slightly damp and aromatic with pee into her bag.

Cindy was a little self-conscious of her tight ass jiggling provocatively in her seemingly painted-on shorts, but as she settled into the warm-up mile, she quickly became distracted by her quickly growing need to pee. In a matter of minutes, she had gone from having no feelings of a need to go at all, to an insistent and steady tingle in her camel-toed pussy.

Cindy finished the warm-up without any leaks, but she knew from her experiences earlier in the day, they were coming soon. If she could just hold on for the first few rounds of hurdle drills, she could try to slip off to the locker rooms during the first water break. As it turned out, sprinting over hurdles was terrible for Cindy's ability to hold. Each time she leapt through the air, a quick burst of pee leapt from between her lips. With nothing but a thin, tightly-stretched layer of spandex to stop it, her pee simply flew out as if she were naked.

Cindy examined herself while pretending to catch her breath with her hands on her knees. The black fabric barely covering her pussy showed no signs whatsoever of her leaking, but looking back at the section of track she had just ran over, she saw scattered droplets of her pee around each hurdle she had cleared. She could only get away with that for so long before somebody noticed. She had to do something, and another spasm of desperation told her she'd have to do it soon.

Cindy looked at the grass field in the center of the track, only feet away from her, and wondered if she could get away with sitting in it and having an accident there. Well, she was moments away from an accident anyway, so she'd have to try. After one more run of hurdle drills, her leakiest yet, she pretended to have a rock in her shoe. She took a few steps into the grass to sit down and take care of her imaginary rock.

Knowing that her excuse to be sitting during practice would only last for a few moments, Cindy decided she needed to pee as much as she could, as fast as she could. The very instant she was on the ground, she actually pushed out with everything she had. A stream of pee shot straight through her shorts as if they weren't there, arcing through the sunlight to land in the grass nearly a foot from her hissing pussy. Cindy was caught off guard by this spectacular fountain flowing from her, and simply stared at it, thankful that she had sat facing away from the rest of her teammates, before remembering that she was supposed to be fixing her shoe.

Back on pretend task, Cindy found that it was going to take her longer to empty her bladder than it would to take a shoe off, shake it out, and slip it back on. It pained her to prematurely end the wild and nearly orgasmic joy she was experiencing, but she had to cut off her flow and get back into practice. As her stream died down, the last seconds of it came out as a weak dribble down her ass crack. Standing up to rejoin practice, she was mortified to feel that last trickle of pee dripping back out of her damp shorts and running down the backs of her thighs.

Somehow, everyone seemed too busy focusing on their own workouts to notice Cindy's ass mysteriously dripping far more "sweat" than the rest of her. She made it safely through the remainder of practice without any more leaks, and headed to the locker rooms to shower and change. She had to pee again by the time she got there since she had not been able to fully empty her bladder on the field, but every stall was occupied already by the girls who hadn't taken a mid-practice pee. She decided to shower first, then pee after, ensuring that she started her drive home with a completely empty bladder. It was only a ten minute drive, but this didn't seem like the day to trust her bladder.

As she stripped out of her pee-dampened workout clothes to reveal her supple teen body, she admired the athletic figures of her teammates in the open group shower. She knew nothing was going to happen between them, as this wasn't that kind of a story either unless later edited due to audience demand, so she only looked for a moment and then turned her attention to cleaning her own womanly yet youthful body.

Maybe it was the effect of the warm water flowing over her freckled curves, or maybe her bladder was just exhausted, but whatever the reason, Cindy was suddenly bursting to pee again. She knew the water would wash everything away, but what if one of her fellow runners saw it streaming from her ginger pussy? They might not appreciate thinking about her pee swirling around the water at their feet. A shiver down her spine made her tits and ass jiggle, and she almost jammed her hand into herself before she caught the impulse. It was hard to tell with hot water already running down her, but she thought she felt a small trickle of pee hit her thighs.

That's it! All she had to do was stand with her thighs tightly pressed together while she finished showering, and any pee that leaked out of her would just run, unnoticed, down her long legs. Another strong spasm of desperation made her jerk in a way that drew a couple odd glances and one girl asked if she was ok. "Mmm hmm," Cindy managed in reply. Another leak forced it's way past her lips, this one a slow steady trickle as opposed to the quick spurts from before. Knowing that it was going to happen anyway, she relaxed and accepted her fourth accident of the day.

Cindy had peed in the shower at home plenty of times before, but the overwhelming sensation of doing it involuntarily and in front of so many people sent an electric thrill through her. She had to admit to herself that she was really enjoying this now, and was briefly tempted to touch herself as she had in that morning's shower. She resisted, and simply soaked in the pleasure of peeing down her legs. She had not accounted for the fact that her toned thighs didn't touch until two inches below her pussy, a gap of empty air that her pee fell through in a powerful stream, but once again, her luck held and nobody saw. Nobody who would admit that they had been looking, anyway.

Driving home later, Cindy could feel the cheap fabric of her car seat's upholstery ticking her bare pussy and ass. Her panties were still damp, and since they had grown cold and clammy during track, she had left them in her bag and left with nothing under her short skirt. Hitting some bumps in the road, she felt a sudden pang in her bladder. That was fine. She was only 5 minutes from home. She could make it.

She turned into her neighborhood only to be greeted by the sight of road construction. Why today? Any other day, Cindy could have held her pee for another hour, but her bladder was just so, so tired after all it had been through. Somehow, though, she made it through dry! Maybe her luck was finally starting to turn around! She sped off towards home, knowing that it would be a close call, but she could make it.

Well, that was her plan. The author's plan was for a cop to pull her over for speeding in a residential area. Cindy could actually see her house from where she pulled over! It was so close! The cop took forever in running her plates before he even strolled slowly up to her window. When she lost control while he was talking to her, she didn't even get the advance warning of leaking first. She had never been pulled over before, so maybe nerves added to her incontinence, but her body simply let all her pee out without even asking what Cindy thought about the idea.

The cop was telling her to slow down, there were kids in the neighborhood, he'd give her a warning this time, all that usual cop stuff. Cindy wasn't really listening. The only sound she could focus on was that of her pee hitting the fabric under her ass. It started as a spatter against the cloth, became a tinkle as her pee started to puddle on it, and then disappeared as the puddle rose high enough that her pee-hole was now below it's surface. As soon as the threat of him hearing her peeing disappeared, a new threat emerged: the puddle might spread far enough forward that her skirt wouldn't cover it.

Once more, Cindy was in luck. The policeman was far too engrossed with his view down Cindy's shirt to notice when a small trickle of pee escaped from the growing puddle under her skirt to flow to the edge of the chair and dribble to the floor mat. She had just finished peeing when this happened, though, and so the puddle began to recede back out of view as her pee continued slowly soaking into her seat.

Cindy sat immobile except for the small tremors rattling their way through her, nerves jangling. She had just avoided getting a ticket and getting caught having a pee accident at the same time! Eventually, though, she calmed herself enough to restart her now smelly car and drive the last block home. Dinner was on the table when she arrived, but Cindy excused herself to use the bathroom before joining her family at the table. She tried to pee in the toilet, but found that she had fully emptied herself in her car. Still, she at least had a chance to clean herself up a bit before sitting down to eat.

Dinner was uneventful, and Cindy had to resist the impulse to answer the "how was your day?" question with, "oh, you know, I've had five pee accidents but haven't actually used a toilet once even though I've been potty trained for years and years and what's weird is part of me seems to find the whole thing kinda hot," but instead stuck with her usual, "it was good." After dinner, she headed to her room to change into clean pajamas, and study for exams. She was so tired from all the excitement of the day, not to mention the usual fatigue from working out, that her eyes began to lose focus and droop as she read at her desk. She knew she should get up to pee and then go to bed, but first, she needed to finish this chapter on reptiles in her bio textbook.

The snake on the page in front of her began moving a little, writhing side to side. That was odd, Cindy thought, in a vague, unconcerned way. Why was it raising it's head up and looking at her? Was it going to bite her? It began to hiss at her, and in a panic she leapt up from her chair and turned to run. Too late! The snake struck out, biting her on the ass, sending the heat of it's venom coursing through her cheeks!

Cindy jolted awake, only to realize the hissing and the heat of the viper's attack were still there! The hissing sound was coming from her. From her pussy, to be exact. And what she had thought was heat from a snake bite was actually her hot pee pooling in her desk chair! She jumped to her feet, only to realize there was no hope of reaching the bathroom. She couldn't even slow down her wetting, much less stop it, and her grey pajama pants began darkening down legs to her feet.

This time, Cindy didn't try to lie to herself about her arousal. She reached into her panties and began fingering her tight little pussy before the last of her pee had even finished trickling out, filling her room with the wet squelching sounds of her furious hand movements. She bent double and had to grab her desk for support as she came, squirting a little into her already drenched panties, biting her lip so as not to scream with delight.

As the afterglow of bliss began to fade, and her pants began to chill, Cindy grew ashamed of what she had done, but only a little. It felt so wrong, but at the same time, nothing had ever felt so right. She cleaned up the best she could in the privacy of her room, knowing she would do this again. She put on a fresh pair of panties, got in bed, and fell asleep almost immediately, so great was her exhaustion. And, of course, she wet the bed.

