Omovember 2020: Day 4

Author: PPP

*000*2020-11-04 20:20

$$

This one was inspired in part by an image. I'll post it at the end; nudity warning.

###

Day 4: Desperate during a presentation or performance Marina (Splatoon 2)

###

Spirits were high in Inkopolis Square. It was Splatfest time once again, where teams of Inklings would compete to determine what was the freshest. In this case, the theme was seasonal: Cocoa With Marshmallows vs. Cocoa With Whipped Cream. (No, Cocoa With Both was not an option.) All of Inkopolis was abuzz, and nowhere was that excitement more keenly felt than backstage, where the pop duo Off the Hook were getting their final preparations done.

“Hey Marina, is my crown on straight?” asked Pearl, the shorter of the duo.

“No,” Marina replied, “but I think it looks better that way. How about my eyeliner? Does that look okay?”

“You look fine, girl,” said Pearl with a dismissive wave of her hand. “If anything, I’d be more worried about your pants. I mean, we’re trying to keep this E for Everyone.”

“Pearlie!” gasped Marina in mock horror. Both girls were dressed in their hip-hop outfits for the occasion. In Pearl’s case, this was a gold crown, platform shoes and a hoodie that hung down to her knees. Marina, on the other hand, was wearing a bandana, crop top, and some very low-cut capris.

“Come on,” said Pearl. “Let’s do this thing!” They headed out onto the stage.

“Whazzup, fishes!” cried Pearl to cheers from the audience.

“Pearl, language!” Marina chided.

“We’re coming at you live from Inkopolis Square,” Pearl continued. “This is Off!”

“The!” Marina shouted into her clip-on mic.

“Hook!” both cried together.

“We’ve got one great Splatfest going for you tonight,” said Pearl.

“Everyone loves hot cocoa,” Marina chimed in, “but what goes best on top?”

“Marshmallows, obviously,” Pearl answered.

“Are you crazy?” cried Marina. “Nothing beats whipped cream!”

The duo’s banter was mostly pre-scripted, but both gave their performances their all.

“So you like whipped cream, huh?” Pearl jeered. “‘Cause your team’s gonna get whipped and creamed!”

“Oh yeah?” Marina retorted. “Well, your team’s gonna… gonna..”

“What? No winning comeback?”

“No,” snapped Marina, “we’re gonna be too busy winning the game! Don’t let me down out there, Cream Team!”

“Same goes for you, Marshmallow Marshalls,” Pearl added.

Their rapport finished, the duo went to their stations. Marina handled the DJ’s turntables, while Pearl stepped up to the stage microphone. Marina started up Color Pulse, one of Off the Hook’s most popular songs. She adjusted her mic and sang her part of the energetic pop hit, then handed the stage over to Pearl for the rap verse. As the diminutive Inkling spat fresh rhymes , Marina provided instrumentals and bobbed her head in tune, the tentacles on her head jiggling energetically. Whether her team won or lost, she loved the thrill of performing for Splatfests.

The duo continued with some of their greatest hits: Ebb and Flow, Acid Hues, and their cover of Fest Zest. After performing Muck Warfare, Pearl made an announcement.

“All right, Inkopolis! Don’t go anywhere; Off the Hook will be right back after this short break!”

She hurried backstage and Marina followed.

“Are you okay?” the Octoling asked.

“Yeah,” said Pearl, wiping her brow. “My throat’s just a little sore from all that singing.”

She walked over to a nearby dispenser and poured herself a mug of cocoa. “Want some?”

“Sure,” Marina replied. She took the mug and guzzled the hot liquid down. It tasted heavenly! She refilled her mug and drained it in seconds.

“What, no whipped cream?” Pearl joked.

“This tastes great even without it,” said Marina. “And between you and me, whipped cream’s great, but I also really like marshmallows.”

“Same here,” Pearl said with a smile. “Well, let’s not keep them waiting any longer.”

Once they were back onstage, Pearl got a more intense vibe going with the duo’s punk-inspired Nasty Majesty. After that, they kept the energy high with their guitar-heavy single Raise Your Tentacles. They were halfway through Shark Bytes when Marina felt a pang in her bladder.

Ooh, that was too much cocoa! she moaned inwardly. And it hasn’t even been that long! That stuff goes right through you! Marina crossed her legs in an attempt to lessen her desperation.

Okay Marina, relax, she thought, trying to calm herself. Just do a few more songs, then it’ll be time for another break and you can drain the ink tank. You can do this!

For a while, it seemed like she could. Marina’s need to pee wasn’t too frantic during Off the Hook’s cover of Frantic Aspic, and she made it through Riptide Rupture without a ruptured bladder. But during her verse of Fly Octo Fly, Marina inadvertently uncrossed her legs while shaking her hips to the tune. That was all the incentive her bladder needed, and Marina gasped as she felt something warm dribble down the leg of her pants. She quickly clenched her lower muscles to stop the flow, but a few more drops leaked out. Ever the professional, Marina kept singing, but internally she was panicking.

I don’t wanna wet my pants! Too soon or not, I gotta ask for another break. This Octo has gotta go!

When it came time for Pearl to start the final verse, Marina seized her opportunity. Meeting Pearl’s eyes, she mouthed out Gotta pee!

What? Pearl mouthed back.

Pee, dangit! Marina mouthed. She wasn’t about to announce her need in front of an audience. Pearl nodded, and Marina was flooded with relief. However, that relief turned to horror in seconds when Pearl belted out the opening notes of the classic song Free Salmon. With a sinking feeling in her stomach (which did not go well with the painful feeling in her bladder), Marina realized her partner had misheard her request.

Why, why, why? Marina lamented. Free Salmon’s twelve splatting minutes long!

She looked over to Pearl, who was too engrossed in the song to notice her.

Guess I’ll have to grin and bear it.

Throughout the performance, the only dance Marina was doing was one of desperation. She shifted her weight from foot to foot as her pee tried to force its way out. Her hands were shaking as she worked the turntables. She ended up butchering the guitar solo, but she didn’t care. As soon as Pearl sang the final notes, Marina said a hurried goodbye into her mic and dashed backstage, hands jammed between her legs.

Where’s the bathroom where’s the bathroom bathroom where? Marina’s thoughts were barely coherent as she frantically looked around the small backstage area. Gotta find one gotta find one gotta pee gotta pee gotta pee!

Just then, Marina felt her bladder spasm violently. Drops of urine spurted out, like the first drops of rain before a deluge. In that instant, Marina knew she couldn’t hold it any longer. Hardly believing what she was doing, she pulled down her pants and squatted. Not a second later, the floodgates opened and a powerful stream of pee jetted out of her, hitting the floor with a loud splattering noise. A tingling sensation of relief came over Marina as her bladder gratefully emptied its contents.

“Oooooh,” she moaned in pleasure. Who knew peeing like this could feel so good? I’ve only ever felt something like this that time one when I was… inking my splat zone. Sooo good!

Eventually, Marina’s sense of ecstasy wore off as her stream died down. She shook off the last few drops and pulled her pants back up, wincing at the few wet patches. Refreshed and relieved, Marina strolled back onstage. But something was wrong. The crowd was silent, and Pearl was wide-eyed and red-faced.

“What’s wrong?" asked Marina. Unable to speak, Pearl pointed at the Octoling’s shirt. Marina looked down and felt her hearts stop. Her clip-on mic was turned on.

So that means… everyone heard… Marina shrieked in embarrassment and turned even redder than Pearl. She felt tears well up in her eyes and buried her head in her hands.

“Marina?”

The Octoling looked up to see Pearl walking towards her wearing a look of deepest sympathy.

“It’s okay, Marinaaaaah!” Pearl cried out as she tripped over an exposed wire. The Inkling landed head over heels, causing her hoodie to droop down and reveal the polka-dot boxer shorts she was wearing underneath. The crowd burst out laughing. Marina felt terrible, until Pearl raised her head and gave a conspiratorial wink.

“Don’t worry, my girl,” Pearl whispered, making no effort to cover up. “I got you covered.”

“Oh, Pearlie!” Marina gushed. “You’re the best!”

“Darn straight,” Pearl replied. She picked herself up. “Now, let’s get back to the show.” Marina nodded in agreement.

“We’re back, everyone!” Marina exclaimed, to cheers from the audience.

“Yo, Inkopolis!” shouted Pearl. “Who’s ready for more..”

“Off!”

“The!”

“Hook!”

###

Poor Marina. I was originally going to end the story with her humiliated, but I decided to cut her a break. Anyway, here's the image (I found it on reddit at r/HentaiPee):

$$

