Omovember 2020: Day 9

Author: PPP

*000*2020-11-10 03:24

Day number nine! This one was also inspired by an image; I'll post it at the end, contains nudity.

###

Day 9: At school Momo (My Hero Academia)

###

Momo Yaoyorozu squirmed in her seat. Her homeroom teacher, Shota Aizawa, had the look on his face he only got when he was disappointed in his students. She hated that look. Even when he had no issue with her in particular, a poor performance by her classmates reflected poorly on her as class vice president.

“So,” said Aizawa, his tone neutral. He let the word hang in the air before continuing. “You all know finals are next week, right? I mean, you haven’t all misplaced your calendars, right?”

Momo shook her head. A few students were whispering behind her, but were quickly silenced by a glare from their teacher.

“Then tell me,” Aizawa continued, “what your excuse is for slacking off.”

To Momo’s right, class president Tenya Iida spoke up.

“Sir, I-” he began, but the teacher held up his hand for silence.

“Lately, some of you,” Aizawa continued with a dirty look at Minoru Mineta, “have been turning in performances that are distinctly subpar.”

He’s not talking about me, Momo tried to reassure herself, but even so shame burned inside her.

“Frankly, I’m disappointed,” said Aizawa. “I expect more of Class 1A. You need to go back and review your fundamentals. Therefore, there will be a mandatory study session today.”

“What?” cried Denki Kaminari. “When?”

“Now,” Aizawa replied. “Get out your notes.”

“How long will this last?” Mineta whined.

“As long as I want it to,”said Aizawa coolly. He pulled out the sleeping bag he always kept nearby. “Study until I finish my nap. Try to wake me up early and you’ll be sorry.”

With that, he was out.

Momo surveyed the classroom. Most of her classmates were studying, with varying degrees of reluctance. She began going over her notes, reciting them in her head over and over. By the tenth repetition, she was beginning to lose focus.

Why am I doing this? she thought. I already know this material by heart; studying it more won’t do any good. What I need is some physical practice, but that isn’t really an option right now. Momo went back to her notes, but her mind was wandering to different subjects. Like how much she had drunk at lunch, for example.

It had been an hour since lunch, and as the study session dragged on, Momo began to feel the pressure in her bladder.

Ignore it, she thought, and keep studying. She crossed her legs and tried to continue, but like an annoying mosquito, her need to pee refused to go away, subtly yet constantly bothering her. Slowly but surely, the pressure was building. In a further attempt to distract herself, Momo began tapping her foot.

“Will you cut that racket out?” Katsuki Bakugou hissed. “We’re trying to study here!”

“Sorry,” Momo whispered, ceasing the movement.

With nothing left to occupy her attention, Momo’s desperation kept getting worse.

Please, Mr. Aizawa, wake up soon! she silently begged, squirming in her chair. A look around the classroom told her she was not alone in her plight. Several of the girls and a few of the boys were also fidgeting, uncomfortable looks on their faces. Ochaco Uraraka looked particularly desperate.

“I hope this doesn’t last much longer,” she whispered.

“Me too,” Mina Ashido replied. “I really gotta take a whiz!”

“You better not melt the toilet again,” Kyoka Jiro warned her.

“Hey, that was one time!” Mina protested. “I can control the amount of acid in my pee now!”

All this talk of peeing was doing Momo no good. She tried to block out their conversation, but it was no use. Momo gasped as she felt a spurt of urine leak into her panties. Mortified, she clenched her legs together tighter than ever.

Momo’s situation was growing more dire by the minute. She had moved past squirming and was now bouncing in her seat, desperately trying to hold back the flood inside her. It was completely humiliating, and the knowledge that she was not alone was no comfort. Momo’s bladder leaked again; a larger one this time, one that she was sure would leave a visible stain. She was bracing for the worst when she heard the most wonderful sound in the world.

“Hrrm, all right,” Aizawa muttered, rising from his sleeping bag. Half the class stood up to leave, but Aizawa raised his hand again. “Who can tell me what we’ve learned today? How about you, Yaoyorozu?”

“Er, today,” said Momo, forcing herself to hold still in front of her teacher, “today we learned that, ah, no matter how good we think we are, there is always room for improvement. And, uh, that to improve yourself, you must go back to the basics.”

“Good,” said Aizawa. “Class dismissed.”

An agonizing minute had ticked by since Aizawa awoke, and everyone raced out the door in a mad dash for the restrooms. Tenya called for everyone to slow down, but nobody listened, not even Momo. Trembling, she threw open the door to the girl’s room and ran into the nearest stall. She positioned herself over the squat toilet and pulled her panties from under her skirt, noticing that there indeed was a sizable wet patch on them. At the sight of this, her bladder let go, releasing its contents at full force. Momo had to adjust her stance to make sure she didn’t overshoot the basin. As her pee continued to splash the porcelain, sounds of liquid and sighs of relief told her the others girls were doing the same. Momo let out a sigh of her own.

“Phew…” she breathed, stream still going strong, “why did Mr. Aizawa have to keep us that extra minute?”

###

Here's the image, credit for originally posting it on this site and the quote at the end go to @Captain L

.

%https://www.omorashi.org/gallery/image/36356-up-at-ua/

