Vacant for a Vampire

Author: ParanOmo

*000*2022-12-09 19:36

Vacant for a Vampire

Valley was one of the best vampires in (an unnamed) town, sucking the blood out of whole neighbourhoods. She was unstoppable and extremely arrogant, going from home to home to maintain her energy. However, the others got jealous, and imprisoned her and retained her vampiric powers. Valley, still being unstoppable broke free, and decided to take revenge on those who imprisoned her. She was not prepared to fall into another trap, which trapped her in the (unnamed) town, unable to go back. Valley had been trapped for more than a week, until she could no longer stand her hunger for blood. There were no more proper sources of energy for her, and she had to hide from direct sunlight every day.

When Valley was nearly dying of starvation, she caught a glimpse of the farm. Valley knew that farm animals contained blood, and there were multiple left alive. She quickly made her way into the farm, biting into every single animal she could find. As quickly as she regained her energy, with blood being liquid, her bladder quickly filled up. With her weakened vampiric powers, her bladder could not hold as much as usual. Unfortunately, Valley was too hungry to realise the pressure yet. Feeling replenished, Valley decided to sleep in the barn before daylight, planning to get energy from more animals the next night.

When Valley woke up, she felt a desperate urge in between her legs. It didn't take long before she realised this and began to grasp her crotch, preventing herself from leaking. She carefully stood up, and searched for a bathroom. Unfortunately, she was in a farm, which did not contain any functional bathrooms other than a broken, almost un-usable outhouse. Valley sped-walk back into the town, the pressure getting worse every second. She suddenly felt spurts of urine in her panties, and began to run. With no bathroom in sight, Valley kept running, and stopping to regain control over her bladder.

She then ran into an abandoned construction site, where there were three Port-a-Potties, all of them vacant. She took a straight path to the nearest toilet, and used one hand to open the door, without needing to close it, considering that the whole town was abandoned. She hastily pulled down her semi-wet panties, and sat down on the plastic seat, letting go of her (bloody) urine. The pee gushed out in a long stream, hitting the bowl with force. Valley felt extremely relieved, and shivered, as the last liquid trickled off. She grabbed toilet paper, and finished her business.

As Valley was walking away, still feeling very relieved, she suddenly felt an aching pain in her stomach. The animal blood had been very concentrated, and unfortunately for vampires like Valley, had a strong laxative-like effect. She rushed back into the Port-a-Potty, yanking her panties off immediately to let go of an entirely different flow. Every few minutes, it would stop, and Valley could catch her breath. However, immediately after, the pain would continue, and Valley would clutch her body and try to force the painful stream out, so that she could finally finish. She started to wish that she had just suffered of starvation instead, as the amount of blood she took from the animals was the same amount of pain she was feeling while crapping it out.

By the time, Valley was feeling a bit better, the bowl had already overflowed (no point in flushing). Valley still anticipating the pain to happen once more, rushed to the next potty, just in time for the pain to continue. Soon enough, her bladder had filled up with concentration too, which meant double trouble for Valley's internal functions. As it was finally ending, it started to feel very relieving for Valley, despite all the pain. She used yet another entire roll of toilet paper, and washed her hands, too tired to flush. Fortunately, it was still night-time after what felt like forever, allowing Valley to continue searching for shelter and a proper non-concentrated energy source before sunrise.

END

