Leah's final exam

Author: pwpj

*000*2014-06-28 01:44

In the fifth story involving Leah, a 19 year old first year student at university, she sits her last exam of the year. Two and a half hours to freedom. What could possibly go wrong?

I hope that you enjoy reading this as much as I enjoyed writing it. I do appreciate all the comments very much - it gives impetus to carry on the series. Any suggestions for future scenarios are more than welcome.

"OK, F-18-WP-1, you have two and a half hours, and you may start now!" barked the Invigilator.

Leah turned over the question paper of her final examination of the year and began to study the questions. It was a warm May afternoon, and she was looking forward to her summer. In two and a half hours, she'd be free!

Really, she should have been free the previous morning, when the last exam of this semester was sat. However, she had had to miss this paper in December as she'd come down with the flu. Fortunately, the lecturer had shown discretion and when Leah provided a medical note, she was to be permitted to sit the paper in the summer session as her first attempt. Of course, she was dismayed to be finishing later than everyone else, but needs must and she was quietly confident of a respectable mark.

Having just turned 19, Leah was finishing her first year at university. She'd really enjoyed the time, both academically and socially. She had met many new friends, from her course and her halls, and in a few weeks would be moving into a flat with three other girls. She'd also been dating a guy, Mark, for a few months, which was going well. A pretty brunette with curly hair and freckles, she caught many a guy's eye.

She'd woken up early and got some last-minute revision in, whilst eating breakfast, and went for a walk around the campus to wake her up. After a shower she got dressed - although she usually went to lectures in jeans and a hoodie, typical student attire, she made an effort for exams. She selected a grey skirt and a white blouse, with black tights. She tried to find an appropriate bra to have underneath her blouse, rather than something obviously patterned or brightly coloured. Her white bras were both in the wash, so she selected a plain black one, and put on light pink plain knickers (comfort over style).

Having eaten a light lunch, she left her flat an hour before the exam began at 1pm. Leah took a seat in the lobby reading through some summary notes for the half hour before the exam began. The exam was being held in the sports hall, which throughout the year was busy with a variety of activities, but for the last three weeks had been transformed with individual desks at prescribed distances apart, a large whiteboard at the front and a clock. They had been called into the hall by the Senior Invigilator, a middle-aged man with a crisp ironed shirt and a large presence (not to mention waistline), who had read out the rules and instructed them to start.

And so Leah found herself filling in the front page of her answer book and starting to sketch out some thoughts in rough. It was quite warm in the hall - although, since a few students fainted earlier on in the exam season, some portable air-conditioning units had been wheeled in from somewhere. She took a gulp of water from the 1-litre bottle which she'd brought with her. The paper didn't seem too bad, compared to the practise ones. She was confident in her ability to answer the questions, but realised she'd need to keep up the pace to allow her to write everything well and not run out of time.

After she'd written the first answer, she allowed herself a brief respite to have some water and rest her hand for a moment, whilst reading the next question. There were four questions on the paper, and it was 45 minutes into the exam already. Damn! She really wanted to aim for 30 minutes per question, and then 30 minutes to refine and go back if she needed to.

She started to answer the second question. This one seemed easier, and she confidently wrote a respectable answer. As she did so, she felt an increasing pressure in her bladder. She'd been drinking a lot of water, with the hot weather, but being nervous before the exam she'd made sure to go to the toilet and force herself to go. She'd be alright, though, surely. By the time she'd finished her second answer it was an hour and ten minutes into the exam; another hour and twenty left for the final two questions and proof-reading. Another swig of water from the bottle. She was conscious that she needed a wee, but she didn't want to jeopardise her mark by taking time away from her desk to urinate. She'd hold it in for now. Maybe, after the next question, she'd ask to go.

Leah started her next question, by this point crossing her legs. She was trying to concentrate on writing her essay, but was being increasingly distracted by the pressure on her bladder.

Her mind went back to one of her GCSE exams – French Writing. She'd been in a similar situation, in need of a wee during the exam. Unfortunately, the school policy was that toilet breaks in exams were “at the discretion of the supervising teacher”, and the teacher supervising was Mrs Richards – an old-school, very posh lady, who believed that the students should devote themselves to the paper whilst they were in the hall.

Poor Leah had had to hold it in, and then when the group was dismissed make a desperate dash for the girls' toilets, where she'd arrived in the nick of time. Leah shuddered at the memory, but also, as her mind came back to the paper in front of her, how she needed to press on. And speaking of pressing, she realised that she was subconsciously putting pressure on her privates. She thought to herself that it was a pretty pointless exercise – after all holding the outside wouldn't affect the sphincter inside her which kept her bladder shut, but it provided some relief at least.

Biological mysteries aside, Leah was almost through the third question, with 1 hour 30 minutes down. She was regaining time, and wondered if now was the moment to pause and ask to go to the toilet – her legs could do with the walk, too. At that moment the Senior Invigilator addressed the other half of the hall – their paper was now over, and they needed to leave all their papers on their desk to be picked up. Damn! She couldn't ask now, with all the invigilators being busy attending to the other exam. She looked enviously as the other students left, ready to start their summer of freedom. There were only six of them left in the wide, open hall now. She'd give it five minutes then ask, she thought to herself, as she uncomfortably shuffled in her seat. She took another gulp of water from the bottle – perhaps unwise with a full bladder, but she'd be answering the call of nature, not questions soon.

By now, the third question was complete and she was on to the final essay, the home stretch. The invigilators had finished with packing the other equipment away, she noticed. Leah was on the verge of putting her hand up, when she was rudely interrupted by a loud klaxon sound.

“Please leave the hall immediately!” shouted the Senior Invigilator over a megaphone which he had hurriedly produced from thin air “Do not talk, do not run. The staff will show you which way to go!”.

Leah stood up, which was difficult with stiff knees and legs and also a full and complaining bladder, and followed the directions from the invigilators to the fire escape. The students assembled outside the hall where three invigilators monitored the situation. A burly security guard, dressed in a blue shirt and epaulettes, appeared. “Ladies and gentlemen, there has been a smoke head activation in the area. We are awaiting the Fire Brigade, please stay here with the invigilators. Don't worry – you will be given extra time”.

Leah stood in the cool shade outside, feeling quite surprised. She was in mid-flow with her essay, and hoped she wouldn't have lost her thread by the time she got back in. She also hoped that things would hurry up, as her bladder was feeling very painful by now. Three fire engines raced up to the front of the sports centre, and she could see another security guard speaking to the firemen. There was a hive of activity for a while with various firemen going into the building, whilst others remained outside. It was a strange situation – she couldn't speak to anybody, and certainly couldn't ask to go to the loo now. She crossed her legs and tried to remain calm and collected. Her mind wandered to her plans for the evening – she was due to meet up with her halls friend Jess, to go shopping for things for their new shared flat, and then go out for tea with Mark. She would be very happy by this evening!

“Yes, Lima 4 received, thank you, out” said the security guard into his headphones. He whispered something to the Senior Invigilator, who nodded.

“Ladies and gentlemen, your attention please” he said, addressing the students. “The smoke head was a false alarm, and there is no cause for concern. The Fire Brigade are leaving shortly, and then we shall re-set the alarm.”.

The Senior Invigilator took over. “You will be permitted to return to the building presently, when I instruct you to do so. Due to the disruption, we must follow certain procedures. You are all to draw a horizontal line across your script book, on which you must write the words 'FIRE EVACUATION'. You will all be permitted an extra twenty minutes onto your allocated time, to make up for the time you have spent outside. Your lecturers will all be informed about the disruption which occurred, and they will take this into account in their marking. If you have any questions, you should ask me once you are seated in the hall”. He finished his speech and the klaxon sound stopped shortly after. The invigilator looked over to Lima 4, who listened to his headset and gave the nod, and the group filed back in to the hall.

Leah looked at the clock. Her exam had been running for two hours and twenty minutes now, but it was extended so it would run for a further half hour. She looked at what she had written, and scored the horizontal line as requested. She was actually quite confident that she could finish off the answer, after the benefit of the time reflecting outside. The invigilators told everybody to start writing again, and Leah continued with her essay. She pulled her right leg up and sat on her foot, and realised that it was important she get her relief, so she finally put up her hand, and an older gentleman invigilator ambled towards her.

“Excuse me, I need the toilet please”

“Sorry my dear, you aren't allowed to go to the toilet in the last half-hour of an examination, those are the university rules”

“Yes, I know, but I was about to ask before the fire bell went off”

“What seems to be the problem?” said a voice, as the Senior Invigilator appeared.

“This lady needs use of the toilet, but I've just explained it's in the last half hour”

“I see. I'm sorry madam, but you must wait, is that ok?”

It wasn't, really, but Leah didn't want to make a fuss. Nor admit to the invigilators how desperate she was. She pushed her heel into her crotch, and plodded on with the answers. It was becoming unbearable, and there was still twenty minutes of exam time left. She was starting to panic, as her stomach became more and more painful, but she carried on. She tried to think rationally - she'd been desperate for a wee plenty of times in her life, and she always made it. If she could get through the next twenty minutes, she could have relief.

"You have ten minutes remaining" announced the Invigilator. Leah had finished writing her script by this point and was proof-reading her answers, although her attention was very much elsewhere. She tried moving her legs around, but the best relief came from crossing them tightly. Conscious of the fact that the others already knew she needed the toilet, she didn't want to look too desperate in front of them. She could hold on - she had to hold on, but her bladder was groaning at her from all the water she'd been drinking that afternoon. As she read through the script, she found it difficult to concentrate on what she'd written - her body was far more concerned about her bladder. She sat, trying to remain as still as possible, holding as tight as she could, for the last few minutes.

"Your time is now up. Leave your paper on the desk, and you may now leave the hall" said the Senior Invigilator. Leah didn't need any encouragement - she immediately pushed her chair back, followed immediately by a sharp intake of breath. The pressure of pushing the chair back had loosened her hold on her bladder, and a small squirt escaped her. She sat for a second, re-affirming her hold, whilst also feeling a spot of warmth in her knickers. Carefully, she stood up, and felt another squirt leak despite her best efforts. Leah was in turmoil, she had to move from here in order to go to the toilet, but it seemed that everything she did was causing her to leak into her knickers. As she stood still, another squirt leaked. It was clear now that she was starting to dribble, and she needed to get on the toilet as quickly as possible.

Leah set off on a fast march towards the exit of the hall, using all her might to hold her bladder. As she walked, she could feel a slow drip of leaks escaping her. Her bladder was on the verge of giving in. As she exited the hall back into the lobby, she started to walk faster but without holding herself. Although she wasn't walking awkwardly, this reduced the pressure, and she could feel the leaks starting to get bigger and bigger. Just a few more seconds. She got across the lobby and was opening the door into the corridor when she felt another wave leak out - but this was no squirt. She had no choice. She ran down the corridor and turned right into the ladies toilet. All she could do now is give in and try to get on the toilet as quickly as possible. As she ran, more and more leaks escaped and dampened her knickers.

Leah burst into the ladies and ran into the first cubicle. As she turned around to lock the door, her stressed sphincter finally gave in. She felt another leak escape, which turned into a long stream, and realised that she was full-on wetting herself. She pulled up her skirt and tore down her tights and knickers, at which point the stream leaking for her continued to spray down onto the floor of the cubicle. She positioned herself over the toilet and finally, voluntarily relaxed. The relief was enormous. She felt a powerful jet stream out of her, into the toilet, which continued for about 30 seconds. There was a tingling sensation in her spine as her muscles, clenched and dedicated to holding on, released. This was followed by an on/off squirt of the remaining contents of her bladder. She had never felt such relief in her life.

She looked down at her knickers and tights, and her heart dropped. Her knickers and tights were soaking - she had totally wet them. The light pink they once were had darkened significantly. She carefully took her tights and knickers off and set them to one side, before examining her skirt. This was more concerning - she had a large wet patch on her bottom. Leah was dismayed - if she walked home like this, everybody would know what happened.

A solution came in the form of her phone buzzing, as Jess had texted her asking where she was, as they'd intended to meet up. "Come to sports centre toilets. Bring some jeans and knickers. I'll explain x" she texted back. Jess was a kind-hearted girl, who Leah had helped out of a desperate situation earlier in the year. Jess indicated she'd be along shortly, and Leah decided she would be better off sitting on the bench outside the toilets, not to mention more comfortable. Looking down, there was a huge puddle of wee on the toilet floor, trailing out where she had ran in. She peeled her knickers and tights off and wiped her legs, which were soaked where the pee had run down them. She carefully bundled up her tights and knickers and shoved them in the sanitary bin, before letting her skirt down. There was still a substantial wet patch, so she'd need to be careful, but she managed to exit the toilets and get sat down on the bench without any trouble.

After about ten minutes Jess turned up with a sports bag. As she opened her mouth, Leah indicated to the changing rooms, and they shot inside. "I've got a pair of jeans and knickers like you said" said Jess "What happened?".

"My exam overran, there was an emergency and we all had to evacuate" explained Leah matter-of-factly. "I can see that" said Jess sagely, looking at Leah's skirt. She undid her skirt and put on the jeans and plain white knickers that Jess had brought along. Leah felt that Jess was the perfect friend here - looking after her at her time of need without making her feel silly.

With Leah now changed into dry clothes, the girls left the changing room and walked towards the exit, past the toilets, where a cleaner was carefully positioning a yellow "wet floor" sign in the doorway. "Janet! Can you bring your mop and bucket? Looks like someone's had an accident here, it's all over the floor...!".

They left the sports centre, Leah feeling very ashamed and quiet. "Hey, it's ok" said Jess, noticing her mood. "Come here". The girls embraced, then continued walking. "If it's any consolation, it happened to me at school, in year 9" Jess continued "I totally wet myself in front of a class of thirty 14-year olds. I never lived it down". Leah felt a little more comfortable after that. She felt extremely embarrassed, and told Jess. She was 19 - she should be able to hold her bladder better than this! Sure, she'd had desperate moments before, but never like this. Jess was sympathetic - it was a long exam, she'd had lots of water and there had been twenty minutes outside. "You'd have been fine without the fire alarm!".

By the time they got back to the halls, the other girls were around, but Jess kept her promise not to say anything. She explained to the others that Leah wasn't feeling too good, and ran a bath for her to get into. As Leah lay in the bath she thought she was lucky enough to have decent friends to look out for her - and a bladder that would reach as far as the toilet door, anyway. And on the upside, at least she hadn't worn any particularly nice knickers today – it would have been a shame to ruin a decent pair. She lay in the tub as the water drained out of her bath, and felt a need to wee again. Well, I've already embarrassed myself today she thought, as she released a trickle to join the water going down the plughole.

POSTSCRIPT :-

Leah picked up her results three weeks later, and had done splendidly. As she read the module breakdown, she had to smile to herself.

“F18WP1 : 1st, 87/100.

COMMENTS: Well written, especially in view of the obvious distraction.”

If only the examiner appreciated the irony of his comments!

