Sonya

Author: peeacsfan

*000*2024-05-17 14:35

… They walked down the street, holding hands.

- Let's fly! –suddenly suggested Sonya.

"How are we going to fly?" We are not Birds? Sasha was surprised.

- So what, that they are not birds. And you just take it - and Fly! The girl said, looking up three meters from the ground. "Come on, fly after me, be brave!"

Sasha was surprised, but even more so when he jumped up, discovered, in spite of the laws of physics, that flies after Sonya.

- Don't be afraid, fly higher, - She cheered her up, and now they were already flying over the city at a bird's-eye height. From above, the city seemed so small and insignificant, and people resembled an anthill. They flew higher and higher! In flight, Sasha caught up with the girl, they hugged and Suddenly we found ourselves on the roof of one of the high-rises. Not letting each other out of hugs, they kissed.

"Do you like me?" –Coquettishly Sonya asked the young man.

Sasha was just dumbfounded, looking at him on her: the girl appeared completely naked before him. He hugged her again and, kissing her, began to stroke her buttocks. The girl's body was a little strange to the touch - it resembled more fabric than Skin. And at the same time, the young man experienced a strong excitement, which all the time more and more. He pressed the girl even tighter, not in the the strength to cope with himself. She didn't mind. They lay down, and as soon as it seemed what Sasha had been waiting for so long would have happened, suddenly he...

… woke up, and found that lying down on her stomach, hugging and kissing the pillow, at the same time climbing on the sofa. He turned over on his back, and, feeling something sticky, threw off the blanket. Then he stood up, looked down - a dark spot on his boxer underpants reminded me of a recent, seemingly real flight with Sonia.

"It's a pity that it was only a dream," he thought, taking off his underpants. Young A person left the room, threw the laundry into the washing machine, turned it on, went in the kitchen, put the kettle on, went to the toilet, urinated in the toilet, then cleaned teeth in the bathroom and took a shower. Wiping yourself with a towel, he tried again to remember the sensations of the flight, but, as often happens, night visions gradually disappeared from memory, and reality returned in their place. Having made himself two sandwiches, and getting ready for a meal, the young man took the phone and dialed the number.

- Yes! Sonya answered him sleepily.

- Good morning! Did I wake you up?

"Well... I'm already waking up. And What time is it?

- Seventeen minutes to eleven, - glancing at the electronic clock, Sasha answered.

"Wow! It's good that you He called, otherwise I would have slept off until lunch! I'm like that.

"But your name is Sonya.

"Ahaha. That's for sure. And you have long been Woke up?

"Fifteen minutes ago."

"Well, you too, it turns out, fromit," the girl laughed.

- Sometimes you can afford it sleep in. What are your plans for tonight? Shall we meet?

- Can... What will we do?

- Maybe we should go to the cinema in the evening?

- What movie?

- Good question... Now "The Rum Diary" is in theaters. I would Looked.

- And what is it about?

- It is based on the book by Hunter Thompson, have you heard of him?

- Nope.

- Starring Johnny Depp

- Wow! I like Johnny Depp... Okay, then call me in the late afternoon, and I'll do my household chores in the meantime.

- Ok! See you!

"Bye-bye!"

@@The girl gently stretched into the crib, yawned, left the room, went into the bathroom, turned on the warm water, I looked in the mirror, opened the tube with toothpaste, squeezed a little on the toothbrush and began to brush my teeth. Following the recommendations dentists, she devoted 5 to 7 minutes to this hygienic procedure in the morning. A minute later, Sonya brought her legs together and once again I thought that the first thing I should do after sleep should be another, not a less important procedure... Each time For some reason, she remembered it only while brushing her teeth, swore to herself that from tomorrow he will do so, but either because of a girl's memory, Either out of habit, I forgot about it. So this time... Already in the third minute of brushing her teeth, she shifted painfully from foot to foot, and on the fourth I helped to restrain myself with my left hand. Deciding not to stretch the cleansing to seven minutes, Sonya quickly rinsed her toothbrush, rinsed her mouth and Instantly, stepping over the sides of the snow-white bathtub, she switched the water to the shower. Relaxed, She took off her panties, put them in their basin, rinsed herself, and wiped herself with a towel, put the laundry and went to kitchen for breakfast. During breakfast, an SMS from Sasha came to the phone. "By the way, I dreamed of you tonight," the girl read and smiled, and then wrote "And what was I doing there, in your dream?". Flew over the city with me," The answer came. "Good sleep," she wrote.

@@Sasha and Sonya met at entrance exams at the university. Young, two months ago they were at school, and now they are almost students Faculty of History. Having successfully passed the exam, they continued to date. Free time, summer, youth - when else will they be able to catch such moments in the a fleeting life? During the day, they sunbathed on the beach, swam, and in the evening they just walked along the streets, in the park and chatted about Everything. So, almost imperceptibly, two weeks rushed by. He called Sonya – "My girl", and she sasha – "My boyfriend". And everything would be quite fine, but young A person experienced what torments all young men - an overabundance of hormones. For two weeks they were just dating, but Sasha, of course, wanted much more, and how to hint and he did not yet know how to tell Sonya about it. It would seem that everything was going as well as possible – On the day they learned about the enrollment, Sasha, accompanying Sonya home, kissed her. Every Date ended with a long kiss. And so, two weeks later, they were sitting on a bench in the park in the evening. Surprisingly, there was no one nearby. After long kisses, Sasha invited Sonya to visit.

- I understand what you're hinting at, She answered him bluntly, "and I like you very much." But it seems to me that it is not It is worth rushing things.

- Why? What's wrong with that?

"Well, you never know?.. – Of course, The girl followed stereotypes and scrolled through the thoughts that suddenly he would be disappointed and immediately after achieving what he wants, he will leave her, or decide that she is too much frivolous, - it's just that I'm not ready yet! It seems to me that it is better to wait. Everything is good in its season.

"And when will it come?" – not Sasha calmed down.

"Well," the girl thought, "we We don't know you well enough yet to move on to the next stage development of relationships. We haven't even seen you for another month. I think we We need to get to know each other even better.

"It's easy for you to reason..." sighed the young man.

- Sashal, are youoffended by me or what? I asked him, gently clinging to the young man girl.

"No, what are you talking about," after a short thoughts, he answered.

"I thought you were offended," Sonya was worried.

"No, no," Sasha assured her. Yes And how could he explain it to her? Next to her, especially in moments of kisses and embrace, he inevitably felt and the physiological side of relationships. The blood rushed and froze somewhere below in the for several hours in a row, causing natural discomfort to the young man. Girls, due to a different physiology, are spared at such moments from unpleasant Sensations. Walking in the park, Sonya was happy about everything and behaved nicely child.

- Oh, Sasha, look! Take a look What nasturtiums! She said to him, stooping to sniff Flowers. Alexander, of course, shared her delight aloud, and he himself time, felt tight in his jeans, because, admiring the flowers, Sonya bent down so gracefully and gracefully that he had no time for plants, and he admired a completely different look...

Saying goodbye, they kissed for a long time, After that, the girl wished the young man good night and sweet dreams, promising that they would meet tomorrow. As he returned home, he felt as he grew weaker excitement, the blood receded, and in its place came an unpleasant, viscous pain, which inevitably arises in such cases when there has been no détente. And yet Alexander waited patiently, despite the fact that one of his comrades tried to introduce into temptation.

- Well, how are you and Sonya? - A friend was interrogating Sasha.

- Everything is fine!

"And what about her?"

"What do you mean?"

- Did you have sex?

- No!

"Pfff!" And what's in it Great? He snorted disappointedly tempter, - Let's better invite normal people to you tonight girls, and everything will be with them at once!

- No Thank you! Sasha refused.

- Vide himself! Otherwise, of course, it is good to walk in the evenings, but is there any point if it does not Gives?

- Eat! – Sasha firmly assured him and ended the conversation there.

On the same In the evening, Sasha tried to invite Sonya to his place again.

- Sasha- But we've already talked about this topic," the girl answered.

"I remember. But still understand me. It's not so easy for me to date you like this without Continue. Every time after our meetings, everything hurts and aches downstairs and pulls.

In situ Sonya, some stupid girl would certainly have been offended and would have answered something like: "Not satisfied, bye bye! I don't hold you! You need a slut - so look for it Sleep with her, and I'm not like that." However, Sonya was a smart girl, and she even There were no such phrases in my thoughts.

- My poor boy," she snuggled up to him, sincerely sympathizing. At Sonya's There was one friend who was called a by everyone at school. It is often She boasted to her friends that she took pleasure in torturing guys: She plays hugging them for a long time, and as soon as the guy was already turned on and heated up to exhaustion, suddenly She stopped her actions, left the guy with a nose, triumphant to herself. Suddenly Sonya felt a slight reproach of conscience, thinking that she herself was in the to some extent acts in such a role, and unwittingly causes physical pain to his beloved, - My parents are leaving for the dacha in a week... You will Can you be patient?

- And why wait a week? I live alone!

- Well...- thinking quickly to think of such a thing, said Sonya, "they are with me They won't let you go for the night.

- Can sit with me in the evening.

- No Sasha. I don't want that. I want everything to be beautiful, so that we take our time, so that we have plenty of time... Be patient for another week, cat, okay?

Kissing goodbye in front of the entrance and saying goodbye, the young man He clarified again:

- So in a week?

- Yes! Just one more thing...

- A what?

"You know, I have never had intimacy with young people before.

Most Revelation did much to explain why The girl was delaying this moment.

Three days remained to wait Sachet. Sonya's parents were about to leave for the country house. But today in Sasha's dream, it seems that he flew to wet dreams. Well, at least some kind of détente... He called the cinema and booked two a ticket for the evening session by choosing seats for two.

Having bought a ticket, glancing at the hours, the young man was waiting for the girl. She appeared, slightly out of breath, ten minutes before the beginning of the session.

"I'm thirsty, I'm dying," she said "Will you buy a Coca-Cola?"

Sasha bought two cups. The girl greedily sucked into the tube, drinking the whole glass.

- Thank you! – smacking his lips pleasure, she said.

They sat down in their separate seats, And while the advertisement was on, the girl was slowly sipping cola from a straw.

"Cold!" Great! - She accompanied her actions with comments.

The lights in the hall went out, and a cold-blooded voice from the speakers said loudly, "Warner Bros. Company represents...". And now the blue sea is abruptly replaced by a picture of a mess in the room, where the hero played by Johnny Depp stopped all red with a hangover.

Sasha and Sonya, meanwhile, held hands and time from time kissed. Interrupted, Sonya reached for a glass and offered a drink Sasha, he refused, the girl enveloped the tube with her lips, sucked it in cool liquid, put the cup in its place. They watched the film for another minute ten, after which they returned to kissing again. And so on in a circle until until the session ends. The lights turned on in the hall, the audience rose from their Places.

- Dear moviegoers," a mechanical female voice addressed from the speakers, exit and the cinema is through the emergency door on the Street.

A string of people slowly flowed down to the Door.

- Shall we go for another walk? Sasha suggested, looking at his watch.

- Let's go," Sonya agreed, leaning her hand on the young man's elbow.

That evening on the street from somewhere People slept out. The entire park was dotted with companies of young men and women. Almost everyone drank beer, despite the fact that in Recently, the media has been talking about some kind of law prohibiting drinking alcoholic beverages in public places. Apparently, the information is up to many I haven't reached it yet.

- I hope our bench was not occupied? Sasha asked.

The bench turned out to be free. The branches of the poplar kindly hid this bench from the inattentive eyes of the walkers, but Our heroes noticed it from the very beginning and very often secluded themselves and They talked while sitting on it.

"I told you in the morning that Did you fly in your dreams? The young man turned to her, hugging Sonya.

- Yes! Only I didn't understand how it is?

- You told me not to think, but Just fly. I flew after you.

- Yes. Really. And why People don't fly? - the girl repeated the line of Ostrovsky's heroine "The Storm".

- And then you and I flew to roof, and kissed there.

"And what happened next?..

- For some reason, you turned out to be Naked...

"For some reason, I'm not surprised...

At this moment, the romantic Sasha's mood was disturbed by two guys who staggered in front of them literally five meters away, we turned to a tree and... Sonya, like a well-mannered The girl tactfully turned the other way. It must be said that even during the watching the film, the cold Coca-Cola had its side effect, and it Even in the cinema hall, I wanted to go to the toilet. She is decided that after watching the film she would visit the right room, but the female A mechanical voice from the speakers disrupted her plans, sending all the audience outside immediately after watching the film... Turning away from the young people, unceremoniously peeing near the tree, the girl even envied them a little to herself. In the same way, the young people staggered away.

- What are we on there Stayed? - interrupted the awkward moment youth.

- Ouch. And I have already forgotten even... About You said some kind of roof. And about the fact that I was undressed there.

- And so it was! You and I were Together. And you know, I had the feeling that everything was happening for real. Here Like now! As if in reality! Have you had such vivid dreams?

- I once dreamed as if I would walk around the city, looking for a toilet and I can't find it anywhere," laughing, Sonya admitted, feeling how this problem was becoming more and more for her relevant, and then said, - Sasha, Come on, will you walk me home?" And then there is already a lot of time.

They got up from the bench and slowly Let's go forward. There were more people on the street. The girl by this time is already I felt quite discomfort and decided to myself that before They will get into transport, it is worth going to the Track. There was usually a café near the stop.

- Sasha, wait a minute, I'll I'll quickly run into the café, I'll go to the toilet," Sonya said and kissed him before she left. She did not manage to get into the café. The door turned out to be closed, and the inscription said that the café was open to order today.

The minibus came full. To fortunately, Alexander reacted quickly, occupying the door, and not letting go of his hand Sonya, went into the cabin.

"There is one place," he said driver.

- Can I stand up? - were heard behind the voice.

- You can't stand - with Armenian accent, the driver said. Girl, I don't take stand it up!

- I'll take the girl on my lap," Sasha answered.

- I'll take thшы girl, there are no others, - said the driver.

The young man sat down in an empty seat, and Sonya sat down on his lap. Bus started moving. The "Vladimir Central" was playing loudly. To the right of the young couple Two guys were sitting with cans of beer in their hands. On the left is a thickly built elderly woman. Everyone was silent. In The cabin was very cramped. The girl, sitting on the lap of a young man, I was experiencing terrible pressure below. She tried to distract herself mentally, to count to a hundred, then up to a thousand, but it didn't help much. In her mind, she tried to compare the way to home with the unpleasant feeling that she experienced in moment, trying to figure out whether she had enough strength and patience.

- Is there anyone on the way out? – The driver asked.

- Stop at the next one, - A voice came from behind.

- Ok.

Sonya moved closer to Sasha.

- Inconveniently? He asked quietly he.

- Sasha, what if I go to you... that When to get out? She asked cautiously.

From boredom, everyone in the cabin became listen to the conversation of the young couple.

- In three stops.

- Let's stop by your place Not for long, do you mind? Only then will you put me in a taxi, okay?

- Come on, okay - no backs thoughts answered Sasha, who at that moment did not know what discomfort she was experiencing his girlfriend.

Mikhail Krug was suddenly replaced by group "Golden Ring"

Years have passed, years have passed, but we are not old

Those who do not love us sit tired

Happy spring, but how many colors are in it

Under the old willow the stream flows, flows

Sonya is already almost crying, she begged to get to the bus stop as soon as possible.

A stream flows, a stream

@@runs And I am nobody's, and you are nobody's A

@@stream flows, a stream

@@runs And I am a nobody's, and you are nobody's.

It aggravated the already difficult situation of Sonya, Nadezhda Kadysheva. "With such songs now Exactly, God forbid, "the stream runs". After this, Sasha will be ashamed in the eyes to watch," the girl thought to herself.

"Shall we go out on the next one?" – she asked him imploringly in his ear after the aunt on the left had made room and I got out of the minibus.

- Yes.

- Thank God! I went to the toilet like this I really want to, you just can't imagine!

But, as Sonya could not physically to understand Sasha in those moments when, after a long walk with her, he experienced discomfort in the groin, and he, not experiencing such a strong needs, could not understand her feelings. And the girl, being well-mannered and civilized, did not show so clearly and not She screamed about how uncomfortable she was.

- Do you have a way out? –Asked driver, driving up to the desired stop.

- Yes!!! – louder than usual, Sonya literally shouted. They even turned to her.

"Let's go quickly!" – suddenly abruptly Sonya turned to the young man, grabbed him by the elbow, and they walked quickly to the "I thought we'd never Come!

Young lovers walked from stops to the house. From the outside, they looked beautiful. Future historians, literati. A beautiful, young girl, a handsome, young man. Cultured, intelligent - they noticeably stood out against the background of the evening local aborigines. They are five years old I will have to study at the university. What future awaits them ahead? What a life Will they live? Will they maintain their relations, or will they separate, like ships at sea, and Find another mate? But for now, they walked somewhere in the distance, gradually speeding up their pace. Then they ran...

"This house!" – said through the Ragged breathing is a young man.

- Sasha, hurry! –with The girl said in panic intonations at the moment when the young man was offering key fob for the intercom. They disappeared into the entrance. Sasha quickly climbed the stairs, leading his beloved, -hurry. I'll pee now!

They went up to the third floor. The young man took a bunch of keys out of his pocket, picked up the right one, inserted one to the castle.

- Honey, please, I don't have More strength, I'll pee now! Sonya whimpered.

Sasha opened the first door and inserted key in the lock of the other door.

- Sasha, I really don't I can stand it! - the girl walked in a circle, shifting from foot to foot, - Hurry! Come on! I'll pee now!

The doors opened. Sonya, whimpering, did not Unclenching her legs, she slipped into the apartment.

"Where's the toilet?" Oh, I can't take it anymore! – she rushed along the corridor and rushed in the direction where Sasha's hand was pointing. Sonya opened the door, lifted her skirt, pulled off her pantyhose and panties, turned around and sat down at last. The hallway was filled with the sound of a loud splash. The girl did not have time to close the door, and Sasha could stealthily watch his beloved, while she She sat with her eyes closed, and her face reflected indescribable relief. She is She opened her eyes and saw that Sasha was looking at her. "Did you peep?!"

- Sorry! Yes, - Sasha admitted.

"I thought I wouldn't make it!" – Sonya said in response. Without closing the door, she got up, pulled on her tights with panties, lowered her skirt and pressed the drain button. Sasha was waiting for her on the way out. He kissed her, - Sasha, do you mind if I take a shower from you?

"I don't mind," he said, continuing to kiss the girl, and with one hand he got under her skirt.

- Sasha, what are you doing? I'm in the shower... And you promised me to call a taxi!

- All your tights are wet! – Sasha said.

- I couldn't stand it a little, - Embarrassed, the girl admitted.

- You'll freeze outside and You'll get sick.

- You'll let me in the bathroom Wash!

"And you me?" He asked, and, Taking the girl in his arms, he carried her to the bathroom

- Sasha, what are you doing, - She shrieked, not without pleasure.

After the bath, Sonya called her parents And she lied that she would stay overnight at a friend's place. The young lovers drank tea, had a snack, went into Sasha's room, made the bed, lay down and hid under the blanket.

"Promise me one thing!" –Asked Sasha is a girl.

- I promise! And what exactly?

- That no one will ever tell me what happened to me today!

- That you are no longer virgin?

"No, fool," affectionately Sonya said, placing herself on top of Sasha, having previously taken off her panties.

- And about what? – accepting the challenge, The young man specified.

- About what she could not endure to the end and peed a little.

- I promise! – he said, slightly lifting my beloved by the buttocks, and sat her down...

- Ooh! Good! –Closing eyes with pleasure, was all Sonya could say.

