Amy – Chapter 5 – The Wet Woman I Lost. I Found Her!

Author: Piano59

*000*2025-02-10 23:31

Amy – Chapter 5 – The Wet Woman I Lost. I Found Her!

This was the 1990s.

Not long after moving back to London my world had imploded thanks to a cataclysmic chain of events. Over the following three months I’d struggled to bounce back up again, and by luck or coincidence things were about to get better. A lot better. Winter was over and I was looking forward to getting out more, and getting a new job.

I’d been applying for jobs and this day I had an interview for a job with the local council. I’d been preparing as best I could and bought some business-like clothes from the charity shop, a nice knee length skirt and a jacket that went well together, and a pair of black shoes. I was up early, dressed, and looked quite smart although older than my nineteen years. The job description seemed a little vague so I wasn’t sure what to expect.

I set off guessing it would take half an hour to walk to the Council Offices, and I arrived with time to spare. I reported to reception and was told to take a seat in the corridor where Mrs Campbell would come for me shortly. It was a busy corridor, and I’d been waiting some time. I was looking through my bag when a voice said “You must be Amy. Follow me”.

That accent. That unmistakable voice. I knew in an instant we’d met before.

I got to my feet and started following the already retreating ‘Mrs Campbell’, down the long corridor until we turned into an office. There was a desk and two chairs, she gestured for me to sit and we were soon facing each other across the desk. She hadn’t recognised me as she introduced herself and proceeded to tell me how the council were recruiting young people into various departments, and as a new idea they were creating a pool of junior trainees to help out where and when needed. This might be a possibility for me.

She looked at the paperwork I’d been asked to bring. “I see, quite good at maths”. She picked up her desk phone and tapped some keys, “Dave, got one for you to look over, yes, er, Amy. Do your worst and get her back to me at 12 noon”. She looked straight at me and smiled. “Mr Coulson will show you around and get to know you, then he’ll bring you back to me”, she said, as she stood up and left the room. My heart was thumping as I waited. I started to wish I’d used the toilet before I left home. The pressure on my bladder, and the maelstrom of emotion at meeting this woman again, made for a heady mix.

Mrs Campbell was about forty, spoke with an unmistakable Scottish accent but was almost certainly of some African heritage, with a beautiful deep brown complexion which seemed to almost glow somehow. She was utterly beautiful. I’d thought as much the first time we met maybe six months before.

Dave, Mr Coulson, gave me a tour of the departments and introduced me to far too many people to remember. I couldn’t concentrate. My head was buzzing with thoughts of Mrs Campbell.

I hadn’t asked her name that night we met. She was as drunk as a skunk on the late night train, being bothered by two drunken men I took to be colleagues of hers. She got away from them and came and talked to me, and somehow she just clung on to me when I got off at my station. It was funny walking from the station. We were nearly back at mine when suddenly she stopped, kicked off her shoes, stood with her feet wide apart and let go in her knickers, making a puddle on the pavement. I remember how we laughed about it when she said this was always going to happen but she was glad it hadn’t happened on the train. It was no big thing. I loved watching her, just standing there pissing through her knickers. I admit I was very excited at this, but in her state I wasn’t shocked or even surprised. I took her home and got her out of her wet knickers, and into my bed, but that’s another story.

I tried to focus on Dave as he showed me into a room piled high with unopened boxes. “Computers” he said. “We’ve all got to have them apparently, but hardly anybody here knows what to do with them”. I ventured I was good at maths, but he looked at me, shrugged, looked at his watch and said “time to get you back”.

The office door was open. Mrs C was at her desk, engrossed in papers. Dave knocked on the door and I followed him in. She looked up – at Dave, not at me. They exchanged a few words, then Dave left the room and I stood where I was, near the door. As soon as she looked at me I could see it in her face, she’d remembered me.

“Amy, I’m going out for lunch now, I do hope, um, you’ll feel able to come with me”. My head was spinning and by now my bladder was at nine and a half, but I said “yes Mrs Campbell”. “You can call me ‘Nicky’” she said, “but I’m Mrs Campbell in the office, always. Never forget that will you Amy.” She handed me a business card. ‘Mrs Veronica Fitzroy-Campbell’ – ‘Head of Resource Optimisation’. What did that even mean? Jargon. All the rage in council and government circles it seemed.

I walked a respectful two paces behind her as we headed along the corridor and out of the building into the very pleasant early April lunchtime air. “Keep up Amy, we’re not going far”.

… to be continued …

… This story has been "What Happened Next" after ...

$/105549-amy-an-audio-story-chapter-4-when-two-worlds-collide/?do=embed"

