Gosha, aren`t you ashamed of yourself?!

Author: peeacsfan

*000*2024-05-12 08:14

In one city, children were playing on the playground: they were skating with slides, jumped on a trampoline, drove cars, built figures from sand... Life was boiling with might and main. Parents, bored, sat on the benches, and watched their children. One young mother was sitting there alone there - slender, attractive A girl in a skirt and tights, throwing her legs over her legs.

- Gosha! – she shouted to her son, "Go to mommy."

Son, reluctantly Distracted from the game, he ran up. Mom shook off his pants.

- Not Have you played more? Shall we go home?"

- No Mommy, I'm not enough, I want to stay a little longer.

- Ok Son, only for a short time, mommy already wants to go home.

- Okay- He said and ran on.

Passed for a while. His mother called him again and said that it was time to get ready. That I tried to persuade him to stay longer. She promised him to buy something delicious if They will go now, but my son just shook his head. She whispered something to him ear, and then, sighing, he agreed to go. They went to the bus stop. Came. We began to wait for the minibus.

- Why are you You'll buy it for me, mommy, - the kid inquired.

- What are you talking about Want? - His mother asked him.

- Cake!

- Ok You will have a cake!

They sat down in the Shuttle. The driver did not go immediately, waiting for the cabin to be filled. Gosha immediately sat down at the window. The driver drove off after another one entered the cabin The passenger is a drunken man. He, not a fool, sat down opposite the young mother. That She threw one leg over the other and turned away. A peasant, on the contrary, with admiration and he looked at her with appetite. While her son was commenting aloud on everything he saw in the window, The peasant, never turning away, tried to strike up a conversation with the girl. Mother turned away, ignored at first, and then only dryly and briefly answered the questions of an annoying passenger.

- Mom Look, what a cool car! - little Gosha pointed his finger out the window.

- This is a BMW, - the peasant answered him, despite the fact that they addressed him not to him, - but to you Name?

- Gosha! –with The kid answered readily.

- And What's your mana name?"

- Mama Sveta.

- And she has Are you always so strict?

- She doesn't Stiff! She really wants to go to the toilet!

Mummy blushed thickly...

- Gosha, - she said pointedly, - what are you saying? And even to someone else's uncle. My little dreamer!

- Ouch I'm sorry, - the child covered his mouth with his hand, taken aback, and said quietly, - but you don't give me I said what I wanted when I was sitting on the bench.

Bus stopped, but no one got out, and another passenger entered the cabin. Had the girl to move and put her son on her lap. He twitched all the time. Mummy whispered something in his ear, and he calmed down a little. Then she told him again I asked for something, the baby moved Forward and asked aloud:

- So don't Presses?

Mummy She took her wallet out of her purse and prepared a bill.

- On stop it, - she said loudly.

While Gosha jumped down the steps, she paid the driver and went out after him. I took my son by the hand.

- Rather hurry Gosha, mommy urgently needs to go home! - she said to her son.

- And you promised to buy me a cake!

- Buy certainly, Gosha, if she promised, then I will buy it, - his mother told him, shifting from foot to foot, at a traffic light.

Looked on the sides, and, not seeing the cars, began to cross the street.

- Mummy The cool light is on! - said the observant kid, - and you need to walk on the green!

- That's right, on the green, but there are no cars yet... And mom very urgently needs to get there home...

However Her haste turned out to be a god. A traffic police car was parked on the corner. From there, the Strict inspector.

- Junior Lieutenant Vereseyev. Do we violate traffic rules?

Young The nurse, trying to pretend to be a fool, fluttered her eyelashes, as if she did not know and I didn't notice.

- You need to be with a child doubly Careful. Now there are such reckless drivers on the roads. Let's go to the car, I'll write you out fine.

Sveta sighed heavily and together with son got into the car. The inspector was filling out the protocols, and the girl was nervous, blushed and panicked.

- Don't worry so much! Simply Next time, do not violate! He said, giving him a pen and a protocol, "Here, Read and sign. You can pay the receipt at any branch bank. Take care!

- I'll try not to break it again, - she assured, - Gosha, let's go!

They got out of the car. Girl I was angry with the inspectors.

- Here, only women are fined from children, for some reason others are not monitored, - she said.

- Why arent's other being watched? - the inquisitive kid picked up the last phrase.

- I don't know, Gosha, mommy She wants to go to the toilet very much, and here they are not on time!

Children's curiosity, if began to manifest itself, then the stream of questions will be endless for children.

- Do you want to pee or poop? - The kid continued to be interested.

- Gosha, but is it possible for mom Ask such questions? She was embarrassed.

"But you made me laugh always when I was little," the savvy child objected, and immediately mimicked his mother, "Gosha, you don't Do you want to poop or pee?"

- Oh, Gosha, don't be ridiculous, Please, mommy, otherwise I'll definitely pee with you now! –Smiled mummy.

- Aha! - he guessed, - So, You need to pee!

- Yes! You are right! I really want to. Yet When you played in the children's town. I've been putting up with it ever since...

"And even when you were riding in a minibus?"

- Especially when in a minibus Drove! I thought I wouldn't make it...

- Why didn't you think you would get there?

- Because when you pressed on mommy's stomach, when he sat on my lap and twirled,. And mommy is a little Because of this, I did not pee.

- And why did you say then that Am I a dreamer?

"When did I say that?"

"When I told that uncle that You want to go to the toilet, and you called me a little dreamer.

"Because, son, you can't to talk about such things to strangers, and those more uncles.

- Why?

- Because dad will swear, if he finds out.

- Why will dad swear?

- Because that's why that's it ends with "u" - she replied and quickened her pace.

"Mommy," he whimpered, "I don't I keep up with you.

- Gosha, if you don't then I won't have time to go somewhere...

The baby lagged behind, and his mother pulled him hand forward.

- Son, let's run with our legs! Mommy can barely stand it anymore! - She asked.

He, looking at his mother, entered her position and began to quickly move his childish, small legs.

"Oh, sssssss

"Sweat, mommy, a little Left, - the child encouraged his mother.

"Thank you, my dear.

They ran to the house. Dam I dialed the number on the intercom, and, shifting from foot to foot, talked as I walked a call: "Well, hurry, hurry, hurry!"

- Yes! A low, masculine voice rang out Voice from the speaker.

- Sasha, it's us, - she answered.

The door opened. They climbed the Steps. The elevator was on the first floor. She pressed the call button, entered the booth with Gosha and the door closed...

… On the sixth floor, the doors opened, Sveta jumped out of the elevator with a red face, followed by her son. She abruptly burst into the apartment, on the threshold of which her husband was standing.

- How we walked, my love, - He asked, patting his wife on the ass, - Was it raining outside?

Without answering, without undressing and Without taking off my shoes, Sveta ran to the bathroom.

- Gosh. What happened to mother? - The father asked his son.

- Mommy really wanted to go to the toilet. She peed her pants in the elevator ...

- Gosha, aren't you ashamed?! – A voice came from the toilet.

***

And 9 months later, Gosha A sister appeared...

