Leah`s journey home

Author: pwpj

*000*2023-09-18 22:25

I recently wrote a story having not done so for a while. Several people commented positively and mentioned the Leah series from several years ago. I wondered what Leah might be doing these days?

Situated in the middle of the North London urban sprawl, the Heath is a popular spot for outdoor recreation, especially on a summers evening or weekend. And this particular Saturday evening was no exception - the sun shone and people flocked to the area to walk, cycle, or simply sit in the grass and have a picnic.

One particular group had a nice spot that they'd been sitting in for several hours now. A reunion of some friends from uni, who'd made a point of meeting up every summer after they graduated 5 years ago. Most were already there, but one of their friends was coming a little later on. All were in their mid twenties and occasionally bringing a partner along, they now lived their separate lives but still managed to keep in touch and catch up. There was Laura, a blonde from Somerset, well known for her stereotypical love of cider - Aofie, a curvy brunette from the south of Ireland, the joker of the group - Natalie, a sensible brunette with her head screwed on - and Jess, a skinny strawberry blonde who was fairly quiet and innocuous - until you got to know her, that was!

The girls had found a suitable spot in the mid afternoon after a trip for picnic essentials from the convenience store at the bottom of the fields. They spread out on a blanket and caught up with the various updates in each others lives, shared various drinks and a huge spread of snacks.

Looking over the field whilst hearing one of Aofie's stories about an incredulous situation she'd got herself into, Jess suddenly saw the unmistakable freckles of her first year halls flatmate. She bounced up and ran across the field towards her.

"LEAH!" she cried, running towards her and giving her a hug "it's so good to see you!"

"Thanks Jess, you look great!" replied Leah - complimenting Jess' choice of a multi-coloured jumpsuit - as the girls walked back towards the rest of the group.

Leah always looked forward to seeing her uni friends, and the happy times that they reminded her of. She'd not been able to join the picnic earlier as her job occasionally required her to work on a Saturday, and this one had frustratingly been the same day as the picnic!, but the office closed, she made her way to the heath looking forward to seeing everyone. At 26, she was a very attractive young lady, with a small stature, brown hair, freckles, and curves in just the right places. Plenty of men doubtless admired her, but she'd been in a relationship with Mark, who she met at uni, for many years now.

She smoothed her grey pencil skirt down and sat on the picnic blanket, opening an M&S cool bag with various cans and bottles straight from the cold fridge - instantly making her popular amongst the group (who, having been out for a few hours, were running out of booze, especially cold cans!). Natalie had an assortment of sausage rolls and snacks which went down a treat.

The girls had been chatting away for some time when Jess nudged Leah and said she needed a wee, and did she need one too? Leah wasn't desperate, but having had a few drinks thought it wise to tag along.

"I actually might need a hand" admitted Jess, as they cut across the grass "this bloody jumpsuit is such a pain to get out of when you need a wee!"

"Ahhh, don't worry" replied Leah "You've been there for me plenty of times, and yeah I know what you mean, I've had too many close calls with them"

"Do you remember poor Bryonie, on my second year course, she had a full on accident because her catch was stuck. Managed to get it down in the end, but she'd pissed her thong by that point"

"Well, you know I'm hardly innocent of that!" replied Leah, who Jess had once rescued with dry clothes after an exam- and fire-alarm- induced accident, several years ago.

They'd headed to one side of the field where a line of bushes and shrubs provided cover to squat and have a wee. Jess snuck between two lines of bushes and looked around, deciding that a particularly large tree provided extra cover. She was fiddling with the back of her jumpsuit and Leah noticed her frustration, together with slightly bowed knees.

"Do you need a hand Jess?" she asked

"Oh please, this catch isn't coming loose!" replied Jess. Leah went over and sure enough, it was incredibly tight. It took a fair amount of effort to loosen the strap enough to undo the catch. "Phew!" said Jess as she slipped the shoulder straps off, then pulled the suit down to her knees along with her knickers, and squatted reasonably high.

"You've got to be so careful with these things, make sure nothing's in the way of the stream" Jess mentioned, as a loud hissing started underneath her.

Leah agreed, but Jess was clearly experienced enough in these matters! The straps and suit were held up, she was squatted with her knees as wide apart as possible. Jess finished a long wee, shook herself about a bit, then pulled up her black knickers and re-attached her jumpsuit at the top. Leah noticed that she wasn't wearing a bra - she was reasonably small chested, whereas Leah had grown from a 32B in her student days to something more like a 34D.

As Jess finished up her jumpsuit, it was Leah's turn. She hitched up her pencil skirt to waist level, pulled down her tights and turquoise knickers, and squatted onto the ground. She didn't need to go that badly, but a reasonable puddle slowly formed, and she felt a familiar wave of relief wash over her body. She hadn't brought anything to wipe with, so jiggled around a bit then pulled up her knickers (feeling a slight damp patch, but it'd soon dry out).

The girls emerged from the bushes and walked across the field back to where the rest of the group were sitting. Laura had left the group for a trip to the corner shop for something else to drink (and, although she hadn't said it when she'd announced this to the group, a squat in a convenient bush along the way). Aofie and Natalie were comparing stories about graduate jobs, the grottiness of flatsharing after uni, and boyfriends.

About an hour ago, the sun began to set set, and the evening air started to have a bit of a nip to it. The girls decided it was time to pack up and head home. Being diligant, they gathered together the considerable number of empty bottles and tins and deposited them in one of the many municipal bins around the park. There, they separated - Natalie and Jess would come with Leah to the Overground station, while Aofie and Laura went to catch a bus. Leah was in a cheerful mood, her spirits having been boosted by the lovely few hours with old friends. So cheerful, in fact, that her bladder - notoriously small when she'd been drinking - completely passed her by.

It was Natalie who reminded her of her need. "Dammit" she exclaimed, as they walked down the street to the station, "I'm busting for a pee. I should have gone before we left the heath!".

This reminded Leah and almost instantly her body was signalling that she, too, needed a wee - although not desperately.

"I think there's a fair few pubs near the station" said Jess "let's stop there and you can go before you get on the train!".

Easier said than done. The general exodus from the park meant that the area around the station was busy. People gathered on the pavements waiting for minicabs, there was a constant stream of people coming in/out the station squeezing past those who were having one last vape before getting on the train.

And all of the pubs had queues to get in.

"Aw shit!" said Natalie, complete with a little bob at the knees "I'm dying for a wee!".

"What are you going to do?" said Jess "there's no way you're getting in anywhere without a queue".

Natalie looked around and hobbled over to the side of the station. Leah wondered if there was an alleyway or something nearby - she might be tempted to relieve her own bladder if that was the case. To her surprise, though, Natalie had pulled up her grey dress, torn down her purple thong, and squatted between a phone box and a bin.

"I'm sorry girls, I'm so sorry" she said forlonly "It was all I could do to avoid an accident". Leah could see a foamy, high pressure puddle underneath her friend's bum, so could believe it.

A shout attracted her attention. "Oh my god, look at her! Let's do a tik-tok!" shouted a couple of teenage lads. Leah and Jess immediately closed ranks, shielding Natalie from view. The phone-wielding teenagers tried to take a video but realised they were getting nothing more wild than Jess' knees, so moved on.

"I'm done now girls" said Natalie "I'm so, so sorry about that".

"There's nothing to be sorry about" replied Leah, who had a kind heart. "It's happened to all of us" she continued.

"Several times" finished Jess.

They laughed as they scanned their Oyster cards and passed through the barrier, then said their goodbyes (with many hugs, and promises to meet again soon) - Natalie was going in one direction, while Leah and Jess were going the other.

"She was quite brazen, I have to admit" mused Jess as they went down the stairs to the platform "I'd always thought of Natalie as being the reserved one!"

"Hey, desperate times call for desperate measures" replied Leah "and it was 50/50 whether I'd be joining her, in all fairness!"

"Lucky you didn't, eh. It was only us that stopped her being a viral video!" laughed Jess

Leah was pacing up and down the platform. "Three minutes" she said to herself "then about twenty minutes to get to South Hill, and then five minutes walk home..."

For once, the deities of the railway network were on her side, and the train rumbled in dead on time. Leah and Jess got on board - most of the seats were taken, so they stood near the doors, and the train slid off a minute or so later.

"Ow, the moving is hurting my bladder" grumbled Leah

"You ok?" replied Jess

"I'm desperate for a wee now. I should have gone when Natalie did, but it was just too public"

"Do you want to get off at mine? It's two stops before yours"

"Thanks, but there's not much point - you're right down at the bottom aren't you? It's not much further to mine and I can get home pretty damn quickly. Especially when my bladder feels like it's going to explode...". Still, Leah appreciated the fact that Jess was always looking out for her.

The journey seemed slower than usual, although the display still said "on time". Leah was trying not to fidget - although she wasn't too ashamed of bodily functions, she didn't exactly want the entire train knowing that she was dying to go for a wee.

It wasn't too long until Jess got to her station, and after checking that Leah was ok (she was, just) and that she didn't want to get out here (she didn't), they said goodbye. The customary hug had to be gentle to avoid any accidents!

Leah waved as her train pulled away leaving Jess on the platform, and she wondered if she'd made the right decision. The logical half of her mind knew it was irrelevant, as she couldn't exactly change her mind, but still.

The train rolled slowly along to Leah's station. Her bladder was now incredibly painful and she was trying to maintain some sort of composure - rather than crossing her legs openly, she was squeezing her thighs and crossing her ankles anxiously. As the train pulled into the station, she tried to remind herself that she could make it. She'd done this many times before! The afternoon of the beer festival, the night out in town, the trip to the nightclub......

>BONG< >BONG< >BONG<

Shocked out of her thoughts by the noise, Leah pressed the flashing button, the doors slid open and she left the train. Walking in a determined fast pace now, she crossed the platform and started marching up the slope towards the exit. There were little jogs interspersed, to try and get home that bit faster, although they did cause her bladder to bounce rather dangerously.

Leaving the station, she turned right, then right again, and was at the end of her road. She was marching quickly down the road, trying to move quickly whilst keeping the pressure on her bladder.

Her flat was in sight further along the road. She was on the home straight. Whether something psychological or not, but her bladder seemed to increase in pressure drastically as soon as she set sight on the building. The pain was intense, and she had to stop and clench tight to prevent any leaks. "Aghhh!" she grimaced "c'mon Leah, you can do it" she whispered to herself.

Leah reached the front of her block of flats, keys in hand, desperate for a wee, but still dry for now. Where was the fob for the front door. Got it. >beep<

Down a couple of stairs. Flat 2B. Front door key. Oh, go in you little sod!

Whether the slight delay, or the distraction of trying to unlock the door causing her mind to deviate from holding her bladder, she didn't know - but she felt a dribble escape her tired urethra, followed by a warm and damp feeling as her knickers gained a damp spot.

This was the warning dribble, she knew, and the floodgates wouldn't be far behind.

Door open. Slammed closed behind. Bag and keys thrown down in the hallway - no time now.

Leah burst into the bathroom, the toilet in front of her. Lifting her grey pencil skirt up, seconds from release, her tortured bladder couldn't cope - as she hooked her thumbs into her tights, another spurt leaked out and into her knickers. Positioning herself over the toilet, she tore her tights and knickers down and let loose a high pressure stream, hearing the loud noise as it hit the water in the bowl. Initially in a high squat, she sunk down onto the seat and breathed heavily, panting with the effort that she'd put into holding her bladder for the last hour or so. At long last, she was weeing.

As she relaxed, she examined her knickers - turquoise, with a lace trim - and there was quite a large wet patch where she'd started to have an accident. At least it'd wash out, she thought to herself. Her stream continued for quite a long time still, and when it died down, she kicked off the knickers and tights and ran herself a hot bath.

A message appeared on her phone - "Great to see you all and relive uni times! xx" from Laura in the group chat. Well, thought Leah, the journey home certainly relived uni times for her.

*002*2023-09-19 20:47

{{12 hours ago, JD0417 said:

Got the accidents of Bryonie and Leah in this story?

}}

Leah had an accident in her final exam in this story which I wrote 9 years ago (yikes).

$/21293-leahs-final-exam?do=embed"

The other one referenced I didn't write a story about - yet.

{{18 hours ago, WiiGuy86 said:

Fantastic! Was instantly excited to see this topic and it did not disappoint!

}}

@@thank you for your kind words!

