SAO omorashi

Author: Palloren

*000*2016-10-28 04:37

Since i haven't really seen anyone do an SAO fanfic here, ill make one, comment what you think about it, i may make a Sugu one (Thats her name right, i can't remember, it's been awhile since i have seen SAO) P.S. This is my first fanfic, along with my first day here, and this is my second post

Asuna was getting ready for her date with Kazotu (Sorry if misspelled, like i said, haven't seen SAO in awhile). When she was finally done, she realized she had about an hour to spare. So she got her new game, and place into the Nerve Gear, she had the urge to go slightly, but ignored it, and was transported into a new world.

45 mins later.....(I'm to lazy to write this middle part)

Asuna logged out of the game, saying goodbye to some of her friends on there, and was transported back to reality. There, she felt a huge urge in her bladder, and immedietly (Sorry for any misspells in real words too, i'm very tired right now) put her hand on her crotch, not daring to move an inch. She got up to use the bathroom eventually, but when she was almost there, the doorbell rang. It was her date, Kazuto, putting aside her bladder to hold it, she want to go open the door, but to her unfortune, small little droplets of pee were starting to peek out and make their way to her panties. She was five feet away and put her hand out to pull the door, but thats when a stream came. 

Asuna was able to get it under control, she could feel her panties soaked. Making sure she didn't have any wet spots showing, she swiftly opened the door, but then more pee came out, and she was sure it was noticeable now, and ran too the bathroom, not even leaving enough time to talk to Kazuto. As she ran, more streams ran down her leg, and Kazuto was starting to notice. When she was less then a couple feet away, the dam finally broke, pee spurted everywhere, on her dress, on the floor, even some on Kazuto's shoes. She sat on the floor in her puddle of pee, and started crying, she had just wet herself in front of Kazuto. Kazuto, leaned down to her, and sat beside her, feeling awkward. "It's ok" he said "Accidents happen"

THE END, sorry if it was short

*002*2016-10-30 11:35

Yeah, i know it was lazy, It was about 1 Am when i wrote it, but i couldn't go to sleep because the thought of it kept rushing through my head, so just so i could go to sleep, i decided to write it then and now while i was dead tired, i'll try to write a better version later, which won't be as lazy and be more descriptive, i'm so sorry you didn't enjoy it

{{6 hours ago, writerforce6 said:

Good rule of thumb: if you're so lazy that you can't even write a halfass transition scene, much less the full part of the story... maybe don't bother posting the story. Not gonna lie, I stopped reading at that point and I won't be picking this back up, despite being a massive SAO fan. If you're not invested enough in your work to write it out all the way, then I'm not invested in it enough to read the whole thing.

}}

