Omovember 2021: Day 19

Author: PPP

*000*2021-11-24 04:03

$$

We're back to Hyrule again for this one. Breath of the Wild has so many great characters to lewd!

###

Day 19: In front of a crush Paya (Breath of the Wild)

###

For Paya, guardian of the sacred Sheikah Heirloom, it never rained but poured. First, she had been introduced to Link, the hero of legend, and had been too shy to speak a full sentence to him. Once she finally gained the confidence to do so, she had realized she was hopelessly smitten with him. Then, just as Link returned to Kakariko Village, the Heirloom had been stolen from right under her nose! Now, he was spending the day guarding her, and Paya still got butterflies in her stomach whenever he looked at her with those gorgeous blue eyes.

Paya swallowed, trying to shake the feeling of nausea. The sun was setting, and she and Link were on her porch watching the first fireflies come out.

“Master Link?” she managed to squeak out. “Thank you for staying by my side for the whole day.” Link nodded and smiled, but said nothing. He was like that; the strong, silent type.

“I see now that crying and feeling scared won’t help us get the heirloom back,” Paya continued. “I just- I’m not sure what to do.”

Link reached out and put a comforting hand on her shoulder. Electricity ran through Paya, and her heart was pounding, but she narrowly managed to avoid crying out. Her thoughts were barely coherent.

He’stouchingmehe’stouchingmesweetHyliahe’stouchingmehishandisonmyshoulderagh!

Sensation overwhelmed Paya. She could feel the burning on her face, the throbbing in her chest, the tingle in her bladder-

Wait a minute, Paya realized, getting her mind under control. She took a deep breath, and the feeling hit again. There was no mistaking it: Paya had to pee. She’d been too nervous to leave Link’s side during the day, and now the consequences were making themselves known.

“E-excuse me, Master Link,” she whispered, then turned and ran inside.

The washroom in the house Paya shared with her grandmother Impa was not a luxurious one. It consisted of a washtub, a basin, a few toiletries, and a chamber pot. That last item was front and center in Paya’s mind as she opened the door.

“Hey! Do you mind?” snapped Impa. She was hunched over in the washtub, scrubbing her wrinkled back.

“Sorry!” Paya squealed, slamming the door. “Um, how long are you going to be?”

“A while,” came the reply. “What does it matter?”

“Um, I kind of, I have to,” Paya sputtered, “I need to.. pee.” She uttered the last word in barely a whisper.

“What? What did you say?” asked Impa.

“I need to pee,” Paya repeated, barely any louder.

“What? No, there shouldn’t be any Keese out right now. Besides, Link’s with you.”

“No!” Paya cried. “I need to pee!”

As soon as the words were out, Paya clapped a hand over her mouth, mortified at how loud the words were.

Did Link hear that? she wondered. The possibility was too awful to contemplate.

“Oh, why didn’t you say so?” said Impa. “Unfortunately, our chamber pot’s broken.”

“What?” Impa cried. “How?”

“Some little boys were playing a game,” Impa explained, “smashing pots and pretending there were Rupees in them. Kids these days…”

“But, but what am I supposed to do?” Paya sputtered.

“Just go in the woods. You did that all the time when you were little.”

“But the sun’s going down! The monsters will be-”

“Oh, for crying out loud!” Impa interrupted. “If you’re scared, take Link with you!”

Paya nearly fainted upon hearing that.

“But- but.. I- I can’t,” she stammered. Then she felt a single drop of urine leak out and realized she might not have had a choice. Blushing furiously at the idea, she headed back outside and approached Link.

“Master Link, I was, um, thinking of going for a walk in the woods,” Paya lied. “Would you care to accompany me?” Link nodded and the pair set out on the path leading to the forest. Paya let Link lead the way, not wanting him to see her fidget. Once they were deep enough to not be seen from the village, she made her move.

“Would you m-mind waiting here for a moment?” Paya requested. “I, uh, I… I… Be right back!”

Paya sprinted away and ducked behind a nearby tree, one that was thick enough to hide her from view. She wasn’t worried about Link spying on her; the hero was a perfect gentleman. Still, Paya had to work up her courage before removing her pants and squatting down. She took one last peek over her shoulder, then willed her bladder to let go. It took a little while, but a pale yellow stream started to trickle from between her legs, softly splashing on the grass beneath her. Paya bit her lip to keep from sighing in relief, and prayed that Link couldn’t hear the tinkling sound she was making. She was so focused on not being noticed that she didn’t realize she wasn’t alone. Not until it was too late.

A gruesome snarl snapped Paya out of her reverie. Still mid-pee, she looked up and saw two Stalkoblins armed with swords marching towards her. She shrieked at the sight of the skeletal monsters and instinctively tried to scramble backwards to safety. Paya’s back hit the trunk of the tree, however, and she collapsed to the ground, urine still flowing out of her.

“No! Get away!” Paya cried. One of the Stalkoblins growled in response and raised its sword menacingly. Then there was the sharp twang of a bow, and the monster staggered back with an arrow in its eye.

Link burst onto the scene with a fearsome war cry and decapitated the Stalkoblin with a single stroke of the Master Sword. The skull rolled towards his feet and he plunged the blade downwards, shattering the bone to pieces. Watching, Paya was torn between being relieved and mortified.

Hurry up, hurry up, she begged her bladder, which was still steadily releasing its contents. I don’t want Link to see me like this!

Meanwhile, the second Stalkoblin swung at Link, but he easily parried the blow with his shield before dispatching the monster with his own strike. With a grunt of satisfaction, Link sheathed his sword, and Paya managed to get her pants pulled up just before he turned around. She winced as the last of her pee dribbled into her underwear.

“Thank you, Master Link!” she cried, rising to her feet. Paya jumped forward, placing herself between Link and the massive puddle of urine on the ground. “That was a most eventful walk! Now, let’s go home, shall we?”

Link nodded and turned to lead the way back to the village. If he had any idea what Paya had really been doing, he kept it to himself.

My hero, thought Paya wistfully. Such a gentleman.

###

Up next: Peeing from a high-up place

