Leah goes to the Beer Festival

Author: pwpj

*000*2014-06-24 22:43

What happens when you take girls, alcohol and limited facilities, and mix them together?

Thanks to corsa198 who provided the idea for this storyline.

It was the May in Leah's first year at university. She was enjoying her time away from home, meeting new people and having a great time. She'd had quite a reserved upbringing, with protective parents, and was loving the freedom. She was still very sensible - although she would go out drinking and sometimes get a bit drunk, she didn't see the point of getting so drunk she couldn't remember anything. Whilst she'd been very nervous initially at the prospect of leaving home, she'd settled in well, and enjoyed the company of her flatmates in halls. She'd met a guy, Mark, a few months ago, and they had been on a series of dates since then.

Halfway through May, the university held their annual beer festival. The student union arranged a series of microbreweries to set up a stand and sell their beer to the students over the bank holiday weekend. It cost £5 to enter but then pints were only £1 each. Students being students, the prospect of cheap beer was more than welcome.

Leah finished her lectures on the Friday at 3pm, and she'd arranged to meet up with her flatmates and some other friends afterwards. The day was scorching, and as she sat in her last lecture of the day, she was struggling to stay awake in the stuffy 1980s lecture hall, let alone make any coherent notes on what the lecturer was saying. Why did they always schedule the most droning lecturers in the hottest theatres? She was studious, yet found it difficult to pay attention. Admittedly, the fact that she had a hoodie and jeans on didn't help, but when she'd got up in the morning it was cold outside! And she'd put the hoodie on without anything underneath, which precluded taking it off.

As the lecture finished she stopped for a can of energy drink - the caffeine and sugar would give her a well-needed boost. She bumped into Mark, who still had a couple of lectures that afternoon, and they shared a cuddle and a kiss before heading their different ways. Returning to her halls, where her flat was empty, she lay down on the sofa. She was looking forward to the beer festival - it would probably be the last enjoyable weekend before revision started for the end of year exams. Leah had proved a model student in her first batch of exams just before Christmas; with excellent marks on all her papers. She was further blessed with good looks and a lovely personality. Her shiny curly hair went far down her back and her deep brown eyes meant she could melt many a guy's heart.

She'd arranged to meet up with the girls from her halls and then go down and meet Mark at the student's union at 7pm. The other girls weren't in yet, so she took the opportunity to use the bathroom. It was a rare luxury to be able to have a bath without somebody knocking on the door needing to use the toilet, hurrying you along. Especially in the mornings – six girls waking up nearly always resulted in one person crossing their legs. She missed the comfort of her bathroom at home. The facilities were quite spartan here, although modern - a plain white bath, toilet, and wash hand basin, with paper towels and liquid soap - it wasn't like being at home! However, in fairness, at least it was clean. Leah sat on the toilet, pulled down her jeans and pink girl-boxers, and emptied her bladder whilst her bath ran, then had a relaxing soak in the bath.

Returning to her room she selected a floral patterned playsuit to wear. She was a prudent spender and scoured the online clothing retailers for special offers - she'd picked this up for £10 in a sale a few months ago. Playsuits were an ingenious invention, she always thought. They looked pretty and elegant enough for most parties etc, but were more ladylike than a dress. Whilst Leah was very proud of her underwear, she'd rather it was saved for people who needed to see it. Her flatmate Aofie, on the other hand, was somewhat unladylike and Leah wouldn't be surprised if half the city had seen her knickers every time she went out in a short dress. She kept her girl-boxers on – they were like tighter versions of guy's boxers, but in pink and with a pretty white lace trim around the edge, and she finished off with a black bra.

As the evening went on, Jess, Aofie and Leah all got changed out of their daytime student attire into something better looking, comparing outfits etc. As 7pm approached they left the halls and headed down the campus. They met up with Laura, a friend of Jess' from her course.

The weather was still glorious as they approached the union, and the lawn outside had been set up with rows of stands, with a considerable queue to enter. Leah paid her £5 entry fee and together with Mark headed around the different stalls. She was quite naive when it came to beer - she would usually just drink vodka and coke or something similar. Mark knew far more than her and was filling her in on the differences between the different beers. They bought a couple of bottles each, as well as an ice-cream from the ice-cream stall, and found a spot on the grassy lawn to sit down and enjoy the sun.

Leah had been dating Mark for a few months now, and although Aofie and Jess were always pushing her and asking what they had and hadn't done, she was quite content with how things were going. They had a great time together, could sit for hours chatting and cuddling, and he was terribly caring and protective over her. It was just in his nature to be a decent gentleman and Leah found that far more important than anything else. Not that she was squeaky clean and entirely innocent! Jess was talking about a guy she'd dated who turned out to be a knob with only one thing on his mind – Leah was glad she had a semblance of taste, at least.

Leah was also talking to Laura, who she had met a couple of times at parties but didn't know too well. She originated from Somerset where she'd grown up on a farm and had strong local opinions on some of the beers and ciders on offer! She was a beautiful blonde, with a perfect hourglass figure which her miniskirt and crop-top showed off well. Leah found out that she was a dancer and had appeared in a couple of promotional videos – which explained her self-confidence. Leah knew she was pretty herself – Mark made her feel it often – but she honestly wouldn't have the confidence to dance around in a leotard.

Laura headed off to the toilets, whilst Mark returned with another beer that he insisted was the best thing since sliced bread. Leah drank the bottle quickly, given how warm it was and she'd got quite thirsty from talking. They sat and continued chatting – Aofie had another tale of her boyfriend from Ireland. Leah was always in two minds about Aofie – she was a nice enough girl and her heart was in the right place, and from what she'd gathered she'd never been entirely unfaithful to her boyfriend – but she'd come damn close on too many occasions for her liking. “She's greedy” Mark had said when Leah confided in him “And an example that it's not just men who cheat!”.

Leah had the hiccups by this point and downed a pint of ice-cool water to try and get rid of them. Although she'd been away at uni for almost a year now, she was still careful not to get too drunk. She enjoyed tipsiness and perhaps a little drunkenness – it lowered her inhibitions, made her chattier and helped her feel less awkward and meet new people. However, she'd always stopped herself before going too far. She was also keen to remember the effect that alcohol had on her bladder, so when Laura returned from the toilets she thought it time to make a visit herself.

Leah followed the signs which directed to the set of portaloos which had been arranged around the back of the event. Although she wasn't the biggest fan of portable toilets - who was? - they'd do under the circumstances. However, when she got there, she was dismayed to see several girls with crossed legs arguing with a podgy middle-aged man in overalls.

"Sorry ladies, these units are not in a serviceable condition. You can't use them I'm afraid" said the maintenance man.

"Oh but whyyyy?" pleaded one girl in a whining tone, bent double.

"They are becoming full and are unsafe. If more people use them, they'll end up overflowing and that's a sanitary hazard. You'll have to use other facilities" he said, locking off the final cubicle with his pass key and pasting an "OUT OF ORDER" sign over the doorway. He pulled the temporary fencing across the top for added emphasis.

“Pleeeease!” pleaded another girl, who was treading water and fidgeting like mad. “I don't want to have to queue again! Will you please let me in?” She spoke with a baby-sweet voice, and made an effort to show her cleavage to good effect, but this didn't have any effect on the maintenance man.

“No, I'm sorry, you can't use these toilets. They just aren't safe, sorry”.

The poor girl fidgeted away and Leah felt quite sorry for her – she'd been in that state of desperation before herself. But her own needs were important now.

Reluctantly, Leah headed to the other set of facilities, which were on the other side of the beer stalls. Here there was a considerable queue of desperate ladies - most men were using the temporary urinals provided. Fortunately for her the maintenance man looking after this area wasn't locking any units off, but re-stocking them with paper and hand towels. Although she'd set off in plenty of time, as she queued she felt increasingly desperate. The girl in front of her looked worse off, she was almost walking around in circles continually.

When the girl came to the front, with Leah behind, she saw what she thought was a free cubicle right in front of her and walked up to it. Indeed, the lock was unlocked, but unfortunately it was occupied by some poor forgetful girl! The whole queue saw her hovering over the toilet, with her turquoise knickers at her ankles, spraying the bowl with a very strong stream. Although it was only for a couple of seconds, everybody had seen it. Leah felt sorry for the poor girl. She was a decent, kind person – whilst lots of people would laugh and gossip about “the girl who didn't lock the door”, Leah always kept quiet and respected people's privacy. It wasn't to say she didn't like a laugh and a joke – she did – but not at someone else's expense.

Finally she was at the front of the queue and a cubicle became free towards one end. Leah walked towards it hurriedly, but was beaten to it by the maintenance man. “Just one minute please love, I'm just going to check the facilities”. Seconds from relief and she had to hang on there, treading on her heels. Her bladder was complaining bitterly that the relief it had been promised was postponed. The man filled up the toilet paper and soap from his cleaning cart and then left, with Leah scooting in very quickly.

Before she did anything else, she checked – double check – triple checked that she'd locked the door. She didn't want to be burst in on. It had been a few years since Leah had been in a portaloo but these weren't too bad, perhaps thanks to the man cleaning them frequently. Nevertheless, they were extremely cramped. Leah realised that, as she was wearing a playsuit, she'd have to get undressed to quite a degree before she could wee. This was a tricky enough challenge when she needed a wee, but in a confined space was worse! She manipulated her arm over to undo the top, and slid the suit down past her shoulders and hips and to her knees. She was careful to not drop it on the floor or let it touch the dirty toilet cubicle, so held it at her knees. She was by this time quite frantic, hovering over the toilet in just her bra and knickers!

With her other hand she grabbed hold of her pink girl-boxers and pulled them, too, down to her knees, before she manoeuvred her bottom over the toilet and let go.

A hissing noise proceeded a stream of wee escaping her privates, raining down with a pitter-patter onto the plastic bowl of the portaloo. Her bladder had been quite full and she felt a growing sense of relief, a tingling in her spine. She continued to wee until she was empty, and then pushed out a few last spurts. She was determined to make sure she was absolutely empty as possible, because she didn't want another desperate queue wait soon. As she hovered and let the last few drops drip, she noticed somebody trying the door – a deep intake of breath followed, but luckily she'd locked it.

She took a couple of sheets of the toilet paper and wiped herself, before pulling her girl-boxers back up. They were very tight and clung tightly to her private area. She manoeuvred her playsuit back over her hips and shoulders and secured it. Leah checked that she was properly dressed – usually toilets at least had a mirror, but not portable ones, and she'd left her handbag with Mark. She was paranoid after having had her skirt tucked into her knickers at school one day. Fortunately, no such mishaps today, and she emerged into the bright sunlight (blinking, after the darkness of the portaloo) and headed back to the centre of the festival.

As she went back to where Mark and the others were sitting, she noticed it had got decidedly busier the last few hours. “Where have you been?” asked Mark. Leah explained about the toilets being out of order and the queue for the others. “Christ, imagine what they'll be like with all these extra people!”. Leah didn't really want to imagine! Laura related a story about when she'd been at a local cider festival in Somerset, with only three portaloos. The men had given up long ago and started weeing in a ditch, but it had taken a particularly brave girl to give in and be the first girl to squat in full view of anyone. Laura herself, made more brazen by the Somerset cider, had joined in after a while. She justified it with the guys being too drunk to remember anything!

The area started getting busier and Aofie suggested that the girls head inside to the main student bar, which was quiet with everyone being outside enjoying the sun. Jess and Laura joined her but Leah decided to stay with Mark. They bid goodbye to the girls and Mark showed her another type of beer which he thought she should try. She was really very naïve and very trusting of his opinion – she usually much preferred a vodka and coke to beer!

After a while Leah started to get a bit fed up with it being so busy, and Mark suggested that they could go for a walk in the gardens. The university campus was built on the site of an old country house, and although much of the premises had been redeveloped, a generous section of the landscaped gardens remained – the country house itself now functioning as the library. Mark and Leah often went for a walk there in the evenings, as it was quite quiet – not really a place many students spent their time!

Mark went to one of the stalls and bought a few more bottles whilst Leah, ever the practical one, picked up a couple of bottles of the free drinking water – with it being so hot she was worried about being dehydrated. They left the beer festival merry and arm-in-arm and headed over to the landscaped gardens. It was the middle of summer so, even at this time of the evening, there was ample daylight. It was so quiet in that corner of campus – you would very occasionally come across another student, or perhaps a couple, but it was very easy to forget about other people and absorb yourself in the beauty of the gardens.

Mark and Leah were very familiar with the layout, from their walks here together, and they headed inside and through the wooded area to a grassy verge at the edge of the path, at the top of the sloping grass down to the house. This was very popular on snowy winter days for tobogganing, and each year hosted a photo-booth and bar during graduation week, but tonight it was deserted except for the young couple and the odd rabbit or squirrel lolloping around.

Mark announced that he needed the toilet and stood up, heading towards the bushes. Leah was careful not to be overt, but saw out of the corner of her eye him unzipping, pulling out his penis and spraying the tree liberally. As she did so, her own bladder gave a twinge, as if to remind her that it existed and that it, too, would need emptying again at some point. Mark returned and cracked open another bottle, and they kissed and cuddled.

After half an hour or so of more drinking on the grass, Leah's bladder was starting to complain. She was leaning on Mark, who noticed something was wrong. “You alright, Leah? Got ants in your pants?”.

“Nooo” she laughed, before going red “I need a wee”. She wasn't normally as open as that – usually using an euphemism - but, she figured, Mark was different and, after all, he had seen her squatting before. “Do you want to go back to the beer festival? Or to halls?” he said. Bless him, he always had her best interests in mind. “No, I'll be ok” she heard herself say. She wasn't sure why, because it would make sense to head somewhere now, but perhaps she was just enjoying his company too much.

They opened the final bottle each and drank it. Both were quite merry by this point, and Leah was finding it very difficult to keep still. As they finished, Leah leant over and kissed Mark, who playfully touched her bottom. She retaliated by tickling him in the armpits – where she knew he was ticklish and would go mad. Perhaps with her alcohol induced euphoria she forgot that his habitual response to this was to tickle her tummy – which he duly did, and as she laughed she relaxed her muscles for a second. She felt a warm sensation as a squirt of wee leaked from her bladder, into her knickers.

“Shit, Mark!!” she squeaked.

“Are you alright?”. He sounded concerned.

Leah sat and thought for a moment. “Don't-tickle-me-when-I-need-a-wee!” she said sternly. “I really need to go now, I just leaked a bit”. She felt embarrassed – she wouldn't normally say that sort of thing – even to Mark – but the beer had lowered her inhibitions.

“Do you want to go back to the halls now?” asked Mark. “No, they're too far” said Leah, blushing again as she realised she had admitted to being so close to an accident she couldn't walk for fifteen minutes. She sat thoughtfully for another moment “I'll just go up where you went. Can you guard it for me, please?”.

Mark agreed and they picked up their coats and headed up to the top of the grass where the bushes began. Mark pointed to the bush he'd gone behind – there was a small clearing behind it and, by the looks of a few tissues, Leah wasn't the first girl with this idea.

“OK, turn around” she said and Mark duly turned to guard her from anybody walking past – not that there would likely be anyone at this time of night. Standing up and walking had added great pressure to Leah's bladder and she had very quickly gone from desperate but comfortable to on the verge of leaking. She needed to undo her playsuit, but the fiddly buckles and catches became ten times worse to handle as she moved around in her fidgety desperation. She was swaying her hips from side to side as she undid the last buckle, and rolled her playsuit down to her knees.

She hooked her thumbs into her knickers when Mark turned around and said “You alright?”.

“MARK!” she scolded, then softened “Well, it's nothing you haven't seen me do before!”. She pulled her knickers down, then squatted, carefully avoiding her clothes and her shoes, before letting loose. In actual fact the stream began before she was fully squatted, such was the pressure on her bladder. She continued to let loose a torrent, and noticed that if she pushed she could produce a firehose-style jet, complete with loud hissing sound, which greatly amused her for some reason. As she continued to drain her poor bladder, she examined her knickers, which had the tell-tale sign of desperate dribbles. Leah had enough experience of these to know they'd try out in time. She remembered a sex education lesson many years ago in which the teacher had explained various things about the workings of a woman's body, and summarised it as “Basically, girls leak!”. How true it was.

The stream died down to a trickle, and spurts as she emptied the last out. Leah selected a leaf from a nearby bush and used it to wipe herself dry. She tried to stand up, but the combination of alcohol, tired knees and her clothing restricting her sent her falling into Mark's arms.

“Dear god Leah, it's not every day you fall into me half dressed!” he grinned. She looked at him with her pleading puppy-eyes face, and he sighed and helped her pull her knickers back on and re-fasten her playsuit.

They kissed and embraced, then walked back to Leah's halls arm in arm again. As they approached, Mark said he needed the loo, so he came in to use the bathroom.

Just as he'd finished, and was saying goodbye in the corridor, Jess and Laura burst in through the main door. “It's on the right!” shouted Jess “Oh, hi guys, Laura needs to have a wee...”

“Nooo.... no.... nooooooo!” shouted Laura who ran into the bathroom without shutting the door, pulled up her skirt and could only pull her thong to one side before draining a stream that put Leah's to shame into the toilet. She sighed happily. “Lucky I offered for her to use our bathroom” explained Jess “otherwise there would have been a large puddle outside!”. Laura sat on the toilet, in full view of everyone, and hiccuped loudly. “Sorry everyone” she said sheepishly, as her relief turned into embarrasment “All that beer, I'm not able to remain as ladylike as you Leah!”. Again, Leah found herself wondering if only she knew!


