4 Beers Down : an Undertale Omo Story

Author: Pizzer171717

*000*2022-06-25 11:03

It was around 1:30 when Undyne and Alphys arrived back at their new apartment on the surface. The 2 had been drinking at a local bar near there building and needless to say where a bit hazy. Alphys had sipped on a sweet cocktail all night while Undyne had drank 4 beers throughout the night to prove how much alcohol she could drink before she got tipsy to the patrons at the bar. Undyne and Alphys both took their showers after they arrived back at the small apartment and slipped on their pajamas, afterwards they decided to watch some TV. 

Alphys and Undyne sat on their couch as they slowly became drowsy. Alphys asked to cuddle and Undyne humbly obliged. After about 35 minutes of watching the show Alphys stomach began to act up and made a gargly sound. Alphys bolted up and said "ugh.. alcohol goes right through me! I really need to poop!" Undyne giggled and jokingly said "and don't take too long!". Alphys waddled to the bathroom with her hands over her butt releasing cute little farts as she walked, Undyne giggled. Undyne layed on the couch, eventually slipping into a shallow sleep.

About three hours later, Undyne awoke from her slumber and looked around the room. The looked at the clock and saw that the time was just about 5 am. She looked next to her and realized that Alphys was not on the couch with her anymore, "she must have gone to bed" Undyne mumbled to herself drunkenly. As her eyes started to focus she was hit with a sharp pain and pressure in her abdomen. "Fuck!" She exclaimed rising from her sleeping position. As the cogs turned slowly in her hazy mind she started to realize what that pain and pressure was. The 4 beers she had drank early that night had finally settled in her bladder and where now making themselves known.

Undyne waddled to the bathroom door with her webbed hands clasping her crotch. She realized that the bathroom light was still on, this she thought was strange as her and Alphys where very curdeaus to turn the lights off in there apartment so there landlord didn't get mad. Then she heard something coming from the bathroom, an anime on autoplay and her girlfriend Alphys snoring heavily, she did go to sleep, but not in the bedroom.

Alphys was a heavy sleeper and and even heavier drunken sleeper and Undyne knew this. Undyne banged on the bathroom door but to no avail. When she moved her hand to bang on the door she felt a warmth hit her mew mew boxers. She made a nervous grunt and then swiftly placed her hand back on her crotch. "Alphys please wake up!" She cried but the yellow Dino did not budge nor acknowledge Undyne. Undyne looked down at her bladder, it was swollen and throbbing sometimes awful, she clutched her crotch harder and twisted her scaly legs into pretzels. She knew she didn't have much time left and there was no way she would be able to leave the spot she was in without risking leaking more.

Undyne has been standing at the bathroom door for about 5 minutes now and her bladder felt like it had a heartbeat, sending out rhythmic waves of pain to the poor squeeling fish girl. Undyne continued to bang on the door as she grunted and squealed with intense discomfort. She then felt the small wet spot on her boxers get biggers. She gasped as she started to realize that he was losing this battle. as the waves came, her bladder began releasing spurts of alcoholic urine into her boxers at a steady rate, what started as a small stain, has grown into a decent sized puddle in her boxers.

Undyne knew she had to accept defeat, sometimes not in her nature. As she stood there pondering the night and everything that led to this moment the rhythmic spurts became a steady stream. Her bladder muscles retracted and a thick stream started to pour from her boxers, forming a yellow puddle on the ground. She was nearly crying as she had never felt so weak and not in control before but at the same time she felt incredible relief. As the puddle underneath her grew she stopped clutching her crotch as it was doing absolutely nothing to slow the flow anymore. She then fell to her knees, panting like a tired dog and blushing like she had never blushed before, as the hot stream of urine finally ended. Undyne the Undying had just pissed herself.

Whether it was the alcohol, the moonlight or something completely different Undyne started to feel something she had never felt before. The warmth of the urine In her boxers was rather erotic to her in the moment. She thought back to sweet relief she felt as the finally let go and just the thought of it sent waves of lust down her spine. Undyne decided to turn a bad situation into a good one and took her scaley fingers and jammed them inside of her pussy which was surrounded by thick red pubic hair. It made a gross gushy sound but she didn't care, she started thrusting her fingers inside of her as she took deep breaths of her own filth.

She began to moan like she had never moaned before, a certain primal moan she had pent up inside of her for ages. She placed her other hand on her swollen clitorus and began rubbing it all while still fingerings herself at a steady pace. After about 2 minutes of heavenly masturbation the great warrior released a great and powerful moan as she reached orgasm, falling back into the puddle of piss and twitching on the floor. Undyne sat there, pondering everything she knew about sex, but she didn't care, she was satisfied. Now she just needed to clean up before Alphys wakes up, she thought to herself.

###

Hi I'm the author of this here fic! I had this idea in my head since I played Undertale in 2016 for the first time and I finally got around to turning it into an actual fic! This is also my first ever fic, however I still hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it. With summer finally here, expect more fics in the near future! I have an idea for a Toriel bladder denial fic, so expect that soon! Also don't mind the edits, that's just me fixing and added things lol!

*001*2022-08-09 01:15

I am probably gonna rewrite this later today!

