The Wheel of Desires

Author: peeacsfan

*000*2024-05-23 11:03

Part 1

@@She waved to him from the window of the express train and sent air kisses. A slight jolt and the train moved smoothly along the tracks, very slowly, gradually picking up speed. The young man sent her air kisses from the platform, and after the train accelerated more, it turned around and Left. The girl turned away from the window, leaned against the wall, and relaxed, I closed my eyes. How long had she dreamed of this trip! She and the young man had been together for a year, they had everything that It's called good: they were planning a wedding, only a hidden sprout of adventurism haunted the girl, and she made up her mind... In truth, she didn't have a specific goal, a plan, and she did not really understand where, and most importantly, why Goes. The desire to break out of the vicious circle of ordinary, predictable life had matured for a long time, and now she took the first step: she spat on the young man about the that she was invited to visit her second cousin, who, by the way, she did not even I bought a train ticket, and, Taking only the most necessary things, I went on a trip for a couple of days. For now She began to have a slight jitters. Thoughts were spinning in my head: "What am I doing?", "This is madness!" ...

@@She grew up in an intelligent family, since childhood she was an obedient girl. In kindergarten, her They always set an example for other children, they say, this is how to behave. At school, she She studied only "excellent", all her life she was used as a model, a standard for others, and she obediently fulfilled this role, although deep down she wanted to become different, do something hooligan. She had been waiting for a long time for the opportunity to create something out of the ordinary, but all the time such a case did not turn up, or she had it I didn't have the courage to do anything A kind of thing. She graduated from the university with honors, met a young was interviewed by a prestigious company. Many to her They were jealous, they said that she was the happiest, that everything was working out for her successfully. And that's when she made up her mind – either now or never.. The soul demanded Adventures and adventures! Many people, she reasoned, live like this rolled, never daring to commit a crazy act, to break free beyond the boundaries of everyday life. She cheered herself up, but in her heart it was all the same Fear persisted.

She was walking on the platform of an unfamiliar city. Somewhere nearby was the hotel where she I booked a room for two days via the Internet. The first thing she did was took a bath. How good it was to lie alone like this, she thought. Her nakedness, The tanned body was hidden from the outside world by the airy foam of the scented Additives. Only at that moment did she finally realize that she had done everything Correct. She called the young man, said that she had arrived well and Now he takes a bath. After finishing the conversation, she closed her eyes again, Relaxed. Bad thoughts crept into her head. She suddenly imagined By mistake, a sexy man enters the room, finds her in the bathroom, apologizes, but instead of leaving, joins her, and then... From such "bad", but extremely pleasant thoughts, the girl even smacked her lips from the pleasure, and her right hand involuntarily slid into her lower abdomen...

@@She is I changed my wardrobe in the evening. I stood in front of a mirrored wardrobe in one panties and bra, then changed her mind - took off her panties, and put on them instead thin strings called thongs. "That's better," getting excited, she decided. It was very hot outside. In the hotel room, he saved from the stuffiness air conditioning running at full capacity. Then she put on a short, a flowing dark skirt and a light chiffon blouse on top. She smiled herself. The last trick is dark glasses to hide her eyes in case she, suddenly, it will become ashamed; dark, patent leather heels - and she felt in combat readiness. Fully equipped, the girl came out of the Hotels are in high spirits. It was light outside, as if I were now it is the height of the day, not the evening. Only dark glasses smoothed out the light. She walked and happily noted for herself the enthusiastic, accompanying glances. They whistled from cars, men looked around, Young people made compliments, many tried to get acquainted with her... With each for a second, with each step, she felt delight, joy, and fullness within herself Life. Walking alone in the central On the street of an unfamiliar city, the girl went down to the lake. Come here in the evening All the young people were drawn together. Music was playing, there was a smell of barbecue, we were sitting somewhere companies of informals and sang songs to the guitar. Soon she saw that somewhere The main part of the population condensed nearby. Nearby there was a summer café, However, mostly people preferred dance inside a square arch enclosed by marble walls, so it Without difficulty, she found a free table and sat down.

- A what Would you like it, girl? The waiter came up to her.

- Portion barbecue, and... What alcoholic beverages do you have? she specified.

- To Unfortunately, only cold beer," the waiter replied.

- Then barbecue and beer.

@@To be honest, she would prefer to have a barbecue I took red wine, but I did not want to give up alcohol. After she I walked and sat down, the girl felt a slight jitters again. Alcohol in the form of cold beer invigorated. Uncertainty and slight fear receded, and in their place A thirst for adventure came. Imperceptibly For herself, she discovered that the kebab was still left, but the beer had already run out. She asked the waiter to repeat, which he quickly did. Degrees hit blood, which made her feel more and more comfortable. I wanted to dance. Without finishing the glass beer, the girl left her seat and rushed into the crowd. Dancing to it always They acted in a special way. She moved to the beat of the music, her body tender and curved sexually. Young people paid attention to her. Other The girls, noticing this, made an attempt to repeat the movements of the visitor. Having warmed up, The girl returned to her seat. I took a sip from the glass. Unbearable heat of the day was finally replaced by the evening warmth. It was still light outside. People were pulling up. And now this place has turned into the most ordinary open-air disco.

- Anything else? The waiter asked for the third time.

- So long Nothing is needed! She replied and paid.

@@She is She finished her beer, trembling on the spot to the beat of the song. The girl noticed a lustful A man's gaze from the next table. Smiling, she pointedly threw leg, exposing for a second a thin rope under the skirt... She smiled, guessing, that the poor guy clearly had an erection. And she herself thought that it was time to leave... the beer he drank made itself felt... As she finished drinking, she heard Fast compositions were replaced by "slow". She did not have time to wake up, as the "male" from the next table approached her and invited me to a slow dance. The girl did not refuse. Spinning in place, However, she did not count for a long time - standing she felt the need even more, which inevitably arises in any person after drinking beer... Hardly Waiting for the song to end, she pulled away from the guy and, slightly staggering, she left the dance area. Walking along the embankment, She didn't even bother to look around, just in case, and she did it Now, expecting to find a blue toilet cubicle. Pushing off his sunglasses above, she looked more closely. The target was detected: somewhere behind the café I could see one single booth, although from it, or rather on the contrary - right to it, stretched a long thread, consisting of people of the same sex as her... The girl joined the sisters in misfortune. Passing men, bypassing the queue, they went straight behind the booth, and, returning a minute later, returned to have fun. Girls they looked after them enviously and exchanged opinions: "The peasants are lucky. Take it out, do the deed, and I went..." However, some girls are also We left the queue, but went somewhere far away. And only the most persistent shifted from foot to foot and waited patiently. One of them, the turn of which was about to come up, danced on the spot, and then, unable to stand it, I rushed to a place where only guys and men dared to go - for a dry toilet. Envious girls continued to comment: "Now she is in the same place. Okay, guys... And she... No shame, no conscience..."

@@Drunk beer, meanwhile, already required urgent release, and the queue contracted slowly. "We could have put up a few booths," the girl thought. After a minute she ran out of patience and left burst to the joy of those standing behind her and rushed forward in the unknown Direction. She walked along a wide road. To the left and to the right were trees with Shrubs. "I should have come here right away go, what the hell do you have to stand!" she thought. However, as it turned out, she is not the only one That was the case. The males here and there were doing their thing, instinctively looking around, hearing the footsteps of our heroine, immediately making an attempt to get to know her. And she had to go further in search of a secluded place. After going through another two hundred meters, the girl found a dilapidated building in the distance, to which a narrow path. Without hesitation, she walked straight along it. The silence was broken only by the buzzing Mosquitoes. The girl walked a few more steps, stopped, and just in case I looked around. Feeling safe, I looked around once more, pulled it up to thong knees, sat down... It happens that you seem to really want to go to the toilet, You endure it, you find it, and then bam, nothing happens.. The girl was sitting, I strained, but my sphincter did not want to give in to the command of my brain yet. On this At the moment, as if out of spite, a mosquito bit me in the ass. The girl slapped herself loudly on the right buttocks by killing a nasty insect. Focused. A few drops, falling, dissolved in the ground, and barely poured stream, as at that moment footsteps were heard from behind... Frightened, the girl stopped by an effort of will the supply of the jet, and after waiting a few seconds after it subsides, I jumped up, pulling on my thong and turned around. Smiling impudently, he looked at her A handsome, broad-shouldered young man.

- Girl, did I disturb you? He asked.

- You me, Scared! My heart almost jumped out of my chest! – angry and ashamed at the same time, she answered.

- Forgive me! I didn't want to. Are you alone or with a boyfriend?

- Actually, alone, - annoyed that she never finished her job, honestly She admitted.

- So am i Also alone. Maybe we should get acquainted?

- After of what you have seen, you must marry me," the girl quipped.

- I I agree. Tomorrow morning we go to the registry office! He said confidently and in an instant Oka put his arm around her waist.

- Actually I have a fiancé," she said coquettishly, not resisting and feeling that It seems that I managed to relieve myself a little.

She was sitting with a new acquaintance on a park bench. In the hands of It turned out to be a gin and tonic. Alcohol imperceptibly hit her head, but it was I liked it more and more. I didn't want to think about anything. She caught a moment of life. The young man was telling something so funny, and often asked her ambiguous questions, to which, however, she answered, and with surprised to find that she did not even blush. With one arm he embraced her by the shoulders, the other held her by the Palm. She did not resist. In her right hand, she continued to hold a jar of gin and tonic And automatically from time to time I drank from it.

- I'm like that Drunk! She said aloud and laughed herself.

@@Young The man did not answer, only turned to face her, and their lips intertwined together. The girl unexpectedly for herself with clung to him with all her passion. She felt uncomfortable. She moved, turned to face him, deftly threw her leg over his two, wrapped her arms around his neck with all her might and She bit into his lips, pressing her chest against his. In this state, they We sat for a few minutes. She felt something hard, bulging out through the fabric of his shorts rested on her skirt, or rather, on what was hiding under her - in the buttocks. In the meantime, a fire was burning inside her, and under her skirt it became Humid... Something else seemed to be mixed in with it... The young man became slid his hand over her body, reached under her blouse, then under her bra, and, I think I found something underneath it... This lesson continued for some more time It's time. The girl pressed closer to him in excitement, and at that moment she realized that gin and tonic have the same effect as beer... Pressing her belly, she I felt it even more... Alcohol hit my head... Everything was wet downstairs... Inside it was burning flames and... The bladder longed to be released.

- I need to pee! Tearing herself away from his lips for a moment, she said.

- What? – he did not understand

- I want to pee! The girl repeated.

Young The man did not stop. For a second, as if sobered up, she suddenly remembered that she was a girl from an intelligent family, exemplary, correct, and was horrified behavior. She clearly realized that she was drunk, in an unfamiliar city, sitting on a bench in the arms of an unknown young man, besides, he wants to go to the toilet and...

- Stop it! Do not! She tried to resist.

- What is business!

- I want go to the toilet! She said firmly, and after a moment she went limp... The hand of the young slid under her skirt, and, bypassing a thin rope, rushed straight into a damp, open slit..., - Oh! – could only "object" to these Actions girl.

@@Ignite the girl even more with his fingers, the young man removed his hand, climbed up to him somewhere, and got something... Then the man's fingers pushed back the string of the thong, and into the "open door" something strong, hard, hot slipped through... She rode it like a rider on a racehorse. Everything inside was hot and melting. Alcohol played in the blood. My brain was exploding. Bladder bursting at the seams. But in the aggregate, it is was a combination of incomparable bliss with agony. She had never felt like this before I haven't. The pace was accelerating... Sensations could be divided into cycles: push forward – it jumps slightly up, becomes slippery and blissful inside, Something presses harder on the bladder, she wants to pee, waning - and she slaps her buttocks on his hips, experiences post-bliss, and then the wave overtakes her again... And so from time in a while... time after time... even faster... The sensations are sharpened, more, more, more!, Yet!!! YET!!! The tremors inside stopped, and something warm dripped onto her tummy... His hand came to replace it... His fingers slid along the top of the slit, then looked inside... I desperately wanted to pee... And at the same time, she felt that the pinnacle of bliss was about to be reached Closer... More, more.. Faster... Oh no! I want to pee... I want to pee... I REALLY WANT TO PEE... orgasmic convulsions pierced her body... The sphincter loosened, and from the slit, right on his hands and jeans a few streams splashed... The girl hung on his neck, breathing heavily, kissed him. The residual waves dashingly ran through his body, gradually fading away. To replace they had a strong desire to be relieved...

She is sat on his lap, limp as a melted candle, until she realized that if if he does not make an attempt to get up immediately, he will do it directly on him... Collecting strength, began to rise.

- To me We need to move away! she said. - Or I'll fill everything here now!

@@Rising up, For some reason, she lifted her skirt, took a step, and forgot what was in her blood Alcohol was bubbling, I stumbled and almost lost my balance. The guy in time for her He picked it up and did not let it fall. Taking a few more steps forward, she I felt that if I did not do "this" in the next minute, then the body itself will take care of everything. However, conscience, or what Dr. Freud called the "superego," continued to dominate her, and she instinctively sought a secluded place in the conditions of of the remaining strength. After walking a few more steps, she found to her annoyance that not only did she not hide, but on the contrary, she went out into an open place, besides, she had already engaged in the same business by a company of young people. And as luck would have it, it was on this moment I felt that I could no longer - the contents of the bladder were already seeped out, flowed down my thigh in a small stream. By inertia, I did more a couple of steps, she stopped. The young men looked at her curiously. It was too late to be shy - she pulled off her thong, at the same time sitting down, lifted her skirt, and immediately felt a powerful jet ricochet off from the ground, and in the form of a spray it returned back, so that in a few seconds its her buttocks became wet. But all this was nothing compared to the ecstasy that she was experiencing at that moment. The pressure of the jet soon decreased, but now A puddle was blurring beneath her. Then, suddenly, a narrow stream rushed forward, flooding the heels and toes of women's shoes. The flow of the jet almost stopped, making the final staccato, after which completely disappeared. The shores of the small "lake" threatened to flood the shoes. The girl abruptly stood up and jumped aside. "Reservoir" made another one attempt to expand and gradually began to decline, until finally dissolved in the ground. Only softened black soil, which turned into clay slurry, testified that not so long ago something had spilled in this place. The girl pulled on her thong, straightened her skirt and only now noticed the aspiring the views of young people on it. They They resembled the statue of the "Manneken Pis", only unlike the Brussels one exhibit, their eyes were lively, and a moment ago they had been attentively watching another statue – "girl". She realized that she had just sung the main Role in the mini-play Special for Man.

- What Staring? Have you ever seen naked girls? She reproached them. Young people They were silent, turning away in shame.

However In fact, she was disingenuous. Instead of feeling ashamed and blush, as befits a decent girl, she felt very good inside and she I thought "there is nothing cooler than peeing after orgasm." Only now She remembered that the stranger was waiting for her on the bench. The girl did not return to and went in the opposite direction: I went out onto the path and went back to the café.

*001*2024-05-24 18:32

@@part 2 (last)

@@One philosopher two centuries ago argued that each of the we are doomed to spin endlessly on the wheel of desires: first we want, then satisfy our desire, for some time we experience satisfaction, which very quickly develops into boredom, and this, in turn, is replaced again next "I want" – and so on endlessly. Having satisfied one need after another, Now she was experiencing the third one—she was thirsty. Alcohol gradually disappeared from the blood, and his mouth became dry. She went to the bar, bought mineral water from the refrigerator, unscrewed the plastic lid and in one gulp emptied the contents of a plastic bottle. Quenching her thirst, in her head Footage of recent events flashed by: a queue to a dry toilet, a path, sex on the bench with a stranger, relief in front of young people... "Wow went to the toilet," - she grinned about themselves. Again, she wasn't ashamed. She was in this city for the first time, and rather only, for the last time. Nobody knew her here, so you could do anything, whatever you want, without fear for your reputation.

@@Cool water refreshed, the effect of alcohol receded, and the girl felt a new surge of strength, vigor and energy. Wheel her desires swirled again, and now she wanted only one thing: to dance! Like a diver, She dived into the middle of the dance floor and her body was completely at the mercy of the rhythms disco music. It poured out an excess of inexhaustible energy, dissolving in dancing. Such a return on her part, combined with an attractive appearance, moreover, dressed in a chiffon blouse with a short skirt, could have gone unnoticed - hundreds of enthusiastic men rushed at her, and a handful of envious and condemning female eyes. She didn't notice anyone around her, continuing to dashingly twist his hips. A short skirt at times revealed what was under it, and this magic attracted the eyes of the guys like a magnet. Soon Around her, dashingly, but funny and ridiculous, the male part jumped, from the side reminiscent of dancing orangutans. One of them handed her a bottle. The girl, without slowing down, snatched a bottle of alcohol from the young man drink, threw her head back, inserted the neck into her mouth and in a few gulps blew out the contents. A few minutes later, the blood boiled again, and the alcohol hit her in the head again. A tight ring of ridiculously dancing men is tight gathered around the girl and someone, it seems, on the sly, began to stroke her ass. The girl did not move away - on the contrary, she pressed even closer to the one standing behind, but I didn't turn around. The stranger's hands were already reaching under his short skirt and reached to the rope... It was pleasantly warm between my legs. Mischievous fingers slid along the wet rope, and then made their way inside. Somewhere deep in the body again the fire was ignited. She wanted to continue. She almost didn't dance anymore, closed her eyes and could not see what was happening from the outside: the fact that she was in the middle of the crowded dance floor, and behind it someone is doing socially unacceptable belongings. It is difficult to say how long it lasted. Girl's Consciousness recorded only one moment clearly: lyrical music began to play, it turned to face the stranger, but did not look at him, but hung on his neck, letting it spin while doing a slow dance. The stranger is still continued to dig under her skirt. This continued until she Again, I did not feel that the mineral water and beer had an effect on the kidneys.

- I need to go to the toilet! - She said without looking at him, pulled away, and pushing her way through the crowd, rushed to the dry toilet. It seemed to her that there was no queue decreased from the moment when it I stood in it for the first time. This time, the thirst for hooliganism and adventure pushed her to act. She saw that by some miracle a young man had made his way into this queue man, and he was next. Without hesitation, our heroine rushed to him, bypassing the queue.

- Young Man, are you going now? She asked him.

- Yes!

- And you alone or with a girl?

- Girl, everyone here is standing in one line, - they hissed at her from behind.

- One- Embarrassed, the guy answered.

"Then I'll I'll come with you... If you don't mind," she said, and looked keenly at the eyes, using all their charms.

The door blue booth opened, a girl came out of it, and our heroine and A young man frightened by surprise. It was quite crowded inside.

- Come on! You're the first! Don't be shy! She encouraged him, standing from the edge of the wall. Guy uncertainly unbuttoned his fly and timidly looked at the girl, as if asking permissions. -Don't be afraid! I won't watch! She said and demonstratively I closed my eyes.

The guy took the gun out of his fly, took aim, strained... But he did not succeed. Only after half a minute did he succeed to control himself, and a thin stream flew down the oval hole. As soon as the noise subsided, the girl opened the door eyes.

"Are you done?" she asked.

"Yes," he answered, still embarrassed.

"Then I'm now!" She said, pulling thong, then took a step to the side, and towering over the young man, Like an ostrich, she crouched over the hole, lifted her skirt and murmured with a loud hiss. The young man was shy, but he could not afford to miss such a thing An unexpected sight. To his annoyance, he was able to see only the upper part of the butt girl and a stream falling from somewhere under her. Silence fell, girl stood up, and literally for a second she exposed the flesh of feminine charms before They disappeared first behind a thong, and then behind a curtain in the form of a short Skirts.

"The performance is over," she said with a sneer in her voice She to the guy just at the moment when he opened his mouth, in an attempt to offer Continue acquaintance. As soon as he opened the door, the girl was the first to flutter out of the toilet, like a butterfly from a chrysalis, and "flew" somewhere in the distance.

The wheel of desires continued its continuous work – The girl was a little hungry. All the tables were already occupied by that time, but Wouldn't such a dazzling girl find a place to land?.. And now it is already He sits in the company of young people, talks, laughs fervently, eats barbecue, drinking his cold beer from a half-liter glass. As soon as she finished her meal, felt someone touch her elbow. The girl turned.

"Where have you gone?" I was waiting for you, but you still didn't I'm back," the stranger said

- I got lost and did not find you, - the girl lied, recognizing the young man with whom she slept on the bench.

"Well...

"I want to dance!" The girl announced, got up, and, I staggered towards the dance floor. The stranger followed, not wanting to to lose sight of it. On the dance floor, she felt like a fish in water. Long She did not manage to feel the rhythm of the music with her heart - a slow sound sounded. Acquaintance The stranger pressed the girl to him and twirled with her in a slow dance.

"I won't let you go anywhere else!" – he said to her, Then he moved closer to her face and kissed her. She reciprocated his feelings. This went on for some time.

"I'm tired of standing," said the girl, looking up from her his lips.

"Let's go sit somewhere," he suggested, and took it by the hand, and, making his way through the crowd, led him.

"Take something to drink," the girl asked him, When they passed by a café, it was better to have mineral water. Only non-carbonated.

They passed by the already familiar to the reader. The queue there did not decrease - new sufferers, mostly girls, replaced old, and so on ad infinitum. One girl shifted from foot to foot. The other, in light trousers, stood with mournful face right in front of the blue booth, with one hand between his legs and nervously gritted her teeth. The door opened, the booth was vacated, and before breaking inside, she let go of her hand to hold the door, between her legs in the background snow-white fabric shone with a damp spot...

Meanwhile, our wonderful heroine with a young walked along a wide road. He purposefully led her to that fateful bench, where not so long ago they had intercourse... On the way to them there were living statues of "peeing men and young men", less often - "peeing girls".

"Hurry up, I'm going to wet myself now!" –Resounded A girl's exclamation from the right from the bushes. This remark was uttered by the shifting on the leg of a girl who was guarding her other crouching friend from the possible Passing.

They walked a little further, and then the young man - another A recent stranger approached a large tree, unbuttoned his fly, took out "tool" and pointed it aside. Our heroine stood close to him, with curiously looked behind his back, and suddenly felt surprised to light and familiar, flashing inside, tongues of flame. In addition, she has A playful mood arose, like a child who saw an interesting toy.

"Can I drive it?" - Hugging the young man by the waist man, she asked, lay down slightly on his broad back, and, without waiting for an answer, carefully took it in her hands flesh. A thin stream flew straight at the tree, and the girl began to change its direction, like a gardener watering lawns controls a hose. At the same time, she was happy like a child. She was especially delighted with the sudden discovery: Squeezing his flesh tighter in her hands, she found that the stream had stopped, But as soon as she unclenched her fingers, more poured out of the narrow hole.

- Wow! Great! Just like from a spray bottle in childhood, - She did not hide her delight. The child's joy quickly ended - he did a few shakes, and put the toy she liked back.

- Go? He asked, not at all embarrassed.

"Wait, I'm going now," the girl said, and also not at all shy, she lifted her skirt, pulled off her underwear and sat down in front of him, despite the fact that That I didn't really want to yet. When she recovered, she got up and returned the linen to the starting position, leaned on the young man and the two of them went to the old place.

"Do you smoke?" He asked her when they had retired to the Bench?

- No! I'm a decent girl," she said. Rolling his eyes coquettishly.

"Do you want to have fun?" I've got something special He said, taking his cigar out of his pocket.

- What is this? -with she asked curiously

- What hippies used in the late sixties.

- Weed?! I don't even know...

"Try it, take a puff," he said. handing her a lit cigar.

The girl took a long drag. Unusual smoke penetrated into the lungs... They took turns, kissing in between until they had smoked everything. It is still I didn't feel anything. Then I was thirsty. A bottle of mineral water was very useful. She drank it almost all by herself. For about half an hour they sat kissing, Cuddled. After a while, the effect came - she began to have fun. She was sitting And I caught unusual sensations for myself. How long did this state last to say Difficult.

"Let's go to the sauna," he suggested.

- When? Right now? She didn't understand.

- No, in a year...

- Only in a year?! And why so late? - Stupid She is. Then it dawned on her, and she laughed loudly.

"Well, do you agree?"

"I agree!" I agree to everything! – cheerful, she answered.

The young man first took a sauna - there was freely, then called a taxi.

"Let's go," he said, "the taxi will come to the road, we still have to go up there...

"I'm tired of climbing!" The girl was capricious on the halfway through. The guy, without saying a word, took the girl in his arms and carried her forward.

- I! - she shrieked in surprise, - Don't drop it only me!

They came to the road. He put the girl on her feet, He came up to her from behind and hugged her. She took his hands in hers and put them on her belly. Then she turned her head to her right shoulder and caught a kiss.

"And I want to pee again," she said coquettishly, pretending to bite his lower lip.

"We'll get there quickly by taxi." You'll pee there," he said he.

The car pulled up, and they sat together in the back seat. During the trip, they kissed, and the light drug again became to exert its effect - it hit laughing. For some reason, it became funny. She is I thought that I wanted to pee, and at this thought I laughed sharply. Cabby Winced. The girl noticed this somehow and laughed even harder. Already have As she approached the sauna, she found herself sitting on something wet. The guy went out, He held out his hand to her, and as she came out, she looked at the place where she was sitting, and I found a small wet spot there. She didn't even notice how she managed to do it This is. She began to laugh again. As soon as she got out of the car, she literally twisted with sharp fits of laughter.

- Idea! I-I – ha ha, I ha-ha ha – it seems I couldn't resist a little, hahahaha, in a taxi," the girl bent in half with laughter and could not stop. On this For a moment she felt something flow down her leg, it dawned on her that Something inside her laughter has weakened and now she is peeing. The new thought forced me to exploded with laughter anymore, and the inevitable happened to her – she stood, bent over, and right down her legs flowed onto the asphalt... Bladder completely emptied, and only a minute after the incident did she manage to stop.

"I think I I urinated! She said, and laughed again. "It's good that I'm not wearing pantyhose" She thought to herself after she had calmed down.

They went into the sauna. First of all, she took off herself thong, rinsed herself in the shower, and only then wrapped herself in a towel.

"Let's go and warm the bones," he dragged her into the steam room.

Her body flushed and now she felt it again excitement, being with a courageous man sitting next to him, is now not so much Stranger. Steaming, they jumped right into the pool in which their mother gave birth. They swam for a while, and then hugged, kissed and soon their bodies merged together...

She woke up in the room. In my body I felt pleasant languor and slight fatigue. In the evening we had to go back. She had a few hours left in reserve for packing...

She came to the station early. I got on the train for half an hour before departure. Leaning back, she began to recall the details Trip. Did she regret anything? Not at all! As before, only about one thing - that I did not dare to travel earlier. And only at that moment did she catch herself the thought that in all this time I have never thought about my fiancé...

Five minutes before departure, her compartment was broken into neighbors, three young girls.

"Is the fifteenth here?" One of the Them.

"I have the eleventh."

- It's cool! We barely made it to the train, can you imagine?

"It happens," our heroine answered.

"Girls, I'm dying as I want to go to the toilet," she admitted One of them, the youngest.

"Be patient, dear, be patient!" - the first one encouraged her.

- Damn girls, I've been enduring all the way already, Idea? I thought I wouldn't make it to the train. Damn, when are we going?

- Coming soon.

"Express train No 9 leaves in one minute. Request those seeing off to leave the cars. We wish you a safe journey," the speakers announced at the station.

"Oh, I wish I had, I wish I hadn't," the young girl moaned, You can't imagine, girls, how much I want to pee...

At that moment, the girlfriends were doing something else - putting them to bed luggage. The train started moving, slowly picking up speed...

- And when will the toilet be opened, I wonder? –Worried suffering.

"I don't know," another friend answered, "ask the conductor."

The young girl got out of the compartment and soon returned.

"Only in fifteen minutes," almost crying she said, "Damn girls, what should I do? I'll pee for sure!

- Don't worry, everything will be fine! Let's break through!

The look of the girl said otherwise. She shrank into a lump, sat biting her lip, and was afraid even move.

- Girls, I'm really going to pee now! – already ready to burst into tears, she said.

- Damn, Lena, what do you want from us? What do I do to you Help! At the exit, you had to go! The first one reacted.

- Well, I really can't anymore, - pitifully She said, tears streaming from her eyes.

"Come with me!" – unable to stand the pitiful scene, Our heroine came to the rescue, and, taking the girl by the hand, led her along.

The girl continued to roar, but obediently followed for a stranger.

They walked through the car, went out through the vestibule, and went in between cars.

"Sit down, I'll watch you!" – literally ordered girl.

"Right here?" The girl was surprised, calming down.

"Sit down, you fool, or you'll really be satiated!"

There was no need to persuade the girl anymore, she sat down and I did my business. She came back as the happiest person.

"Thank you!" You just saved me! –Thanked She was her fellow traveler the whole trip.

- It's okay! Next time, go on time! – She instructed her.

She got off the train, where she was already met by her fiancé. With As girls, they became friends, especially with the youngest.

- Thank you again for saving me! – Finally, she thanked our heroine again.

- What did you save her from? Her fiancé asked her when they We went outside.

"Yes... Women's secrets

- Well, tell me, - he did not calm down.

"You men don't understand," she said, and without revealing the secret.

A series of ordinariness began. He talked to her more and more often about upcoming wedding, and the girl felt that she didn't care. Most The bright event of recent years for her was that very trip. She lived now the memory of that reckless night...

They submitted an application to the registry office. The wedding was planned in month. Wishing to observe traditions, before the wedding, he was going to arrange A bachelor party, and she, accordingly, a bachelorette party.

- Tomorrow my old friend will come, I want to offer his role as a witness, before Let's go to the bachelor party, I want to introduce you to him," he told her.

The next day he came home not alone, but with that my friend. The bride saw him and was dumbfounded – the same one was standing on the threshold a stranger with whom she broke up after a sauna in another city...

… After sitting with the girls for a while, she By some pretext, she left, called a taxi and arrived at the agreed place. When she saw him, she jumped on his neck and kissed him hard.

"You've deceived me for the second time. Why did you give me someone else's number? He asked, kissing him hotly.

"This is not the time to speculate!" I'm all on fire! All this time I I thought only about you and a hundred times I managed to regret that I left not my own number," she said. Everything was melting inside, the panties were wet through and through juices oozing from her womb...

***

"Are you willing to marry this girl?" – the registry office worker asked the groom in a staged voice.

"I agree," replied a familiar stranger.

"Do you agree to take this man as a husband?"

- Yes! - she replied 100% confident.

"I declare you husband and wife. Seal Your Alliance with the seal of a kiss.

They went down the stairs of the registry office to applause friends and relatives. The photographer continued to take pictures. Bottles were opened Champagne. The first cries were heard: "Bitter!" Waiting for them by the road wedding limousine.

- I'm still embarrassed in front of my friend - came to his wedding, and as a result, he married his own bride.

- What will be, will not be avoided... You know, I haven't been to toilet in the morning, as I put on my wedding dress. I really want to pee. I hope so I'll endure," she whispered in his ear.

Shouts of "Bitter" were heard and they kissed. He opened the door, and the girl in a chic wedding dress disappeared into the wedding salon Auto. They had to ride for three hours...

