You're really interested in someone like me?

Author: peorth

*000*2018-04-09 04:42

Male;

"Are you okay?" Savannah asks him as he stares deep into her gorgeous brown eyes. "You haven't said much since you arrived."

"What?" Jaden blinks, grabbing his soda as if he weren't just staring at her like an idiot. "Oh, yeah, I'm fine."

"You sure?" Savannah laughs.

"Totally fine."

Totally terrified, that's what he wanted to say. Savannah was way out of his league, so why the hell did she ask Jaden out? No one even knew his name. He was a nobody.

"That's good to hear," Savannah smiles. She flips her strawberry blonde curls over her shoulder, putting her phone into her bag and leaning into the table. "Is this your first time on a date?"

"Well," Jaden mumbles. "To be honest, yes, and the fact that it's with someone like you... It's a little strange to me."

"What's wrong with me?" Savannah frowns.

"Nothing!" Jaden exclaims. "I mean... I'm the wrong one here. You're just... y'know, cooler than me...? It's strange that you'd ask someone like me out on a date."

"But I think you're really nice!" Savannah assures him. "You're really sweet and you always help me out in class. I figured, taking you out for lunch was the least I could do."

Oh, he thought. This isn't a "date" date.

"Well, I'd better get going," Savannah smiles. "Would you like to go to the park? It's wonderful."

"Sounds great," Jaden nods. "I'll get another soda first. Would you like something else to drink?"

"No... and seriously?" Savannah groans. "That's your third soda."

"It's pretty good," Jaden laughs.

On the way to the counter, he hears something fall out of his pockets. A single dime he didn't even know was there.

Must be my lucky day, he thought. On the check he received, he was exactly 4 cents short. He insisted that the cashier kept the final penny.

"And here's your drink, sir," the waitress smiles.

"Uh, Jaden," Savannah mutters, adjusting her purse over her shoulders. "We've got to get going soon, it's going on 7. You know how my parents are."

"No, I don't," Jaden laughs.

Savannah rolls her eyes. "Well, I said I need to be home before 8PM, smartass."

"Alright, alright," Jaden sighs. "Can I just finish this?"

"Hurry up," Savannah chides.

In about a minute, Jaden manages to gulf down the whole glass of soda. Savannah jumps a little after he sets the glass down. "Come on, the sun's still out."

"Have a nice day," the waitress waves.

"You too," Jaden responds.

As they leave the café, Savannah scans the area for shortcuts. "Have you ever been to the park?"

"I don't usually go to parks," Jaden shrugs. "I'm more of a stay inside and play video games type of guy."

He regretted saying that out loud.

Savannah tilts her head. "The real world has better graphics, though."

On the way to the park, Jaden notices less buildings and more greenery. After three full glasses of soda, he decides that it might be time to think about a rest stop before the drive home.

It took them about 10 minutes to get there, they'd probably hang out for 30 minutes and then walk 20 minutes back to the car. The drive back was going to be another 15 minutes. He scanned each building for an "Open" sign that implied it was a café or a restaurant of sone sort.

Nothing.

But it was fine. Jaden was absolutely fine, just planning ahead. Three sodas could wait an hour and fifteen minutes, it wasn't a big deal.

"What are you scanning the street for?" Savannah nudges him. "You need something to eat?"

"No," Jaden laughs nervously. "I just like this area a lot."

Savannah raises an eyebrow. "I can't tell if that's sarcasm."

"My town is shit compared to this," Jaden responds. "There's a lot of greenery around here."

"You do art, don't you?" Savannah asks.

"Y-yeah," Jaden mumbles. Why is she so interested in me? My art isn't that good.

The park was beautiful, full of greenery and flowers-- it looked like something out of a fairytale. Jaden pulled out his camera, taking at least 5 panoramas before he was satisfied.

"You're a photographer as well?" Savannah whispers. "That's a really expensive camera."

"Exactly," Jaden grins. "I'm just a guy with an expensive camera."

Savannah sat down at the bench next to them. More importantly, Jaden hadn't spotted one rest stop in the 10 minute walk over, and the fountain wasn't helping. He wasn't dying for a piss yet, but he definitely recognized that he needed to. He would have went at the café, but Savannah insisted on leaving and he decided to get another drink instead of releasing the two he already had.

"It's wonderful, isn't it?" Savannah whispers, leaning onto Jaden's chest.

Getting nervous and having to pee really don't go well together, Jaden thought as his bladder released a few drops in excitement. His boxers were still dry, it was just a little release, but they sat so close to the tip that he felt like he needed to release some more just to get them off. The problem was solved by shifting his legs a little bit, but having to pee certainly made being on a date with one of the coolest girls he ever met a lot more awkward.

"What time is it?" Jaden asks nervously.

"Um," Savannah reaches for her phone. "It's 7:12 right now, why?"

"Should we start heading back at 7:25?" Jaden suggests.

"I'm sorry if this wasn't something you wanted to do," Savannah frowns. "I just thought it was beautiful, and I know that you're an artist, so I thought you'd think the same thing."

"I do!" Jaden exclaims, ignoring the fountain in the background. "It's great. I feel inspired already, but as you can see, I didn't bring my sketchbook."

"Is that why you brought your camera?" Savannah asks. "So you can draw them out later?"

"That's why I do it," Jaden nods.

"Well, if it's not a bother..." Savannah wonders. "Could you take a picture of me?"

"Surely," Jaden nods, pulling out his camera. "I mean, you're already a work of art as you are."

Stop talking, for the love of God! Jaden yells at himself. You're too cheesy and annoying, just be natural!

Those thoughts are translated as a nervous shaking of the camera. The photo comes out blurry. "I'm... sorry, I need to take another one."

"That's okay," Savannah laughs. "And thank you."

Fifteen whole minutes of awkward silence forces Jaden to listen to the torturous fountain splashes. He feels the urge to run behind a bush and relieve himself, but how would he even begin to explain to Savannah that instead of using the bathroom, he decided to drink even more? His best bet was to reenter the restaurant, but then it would take longer to get back to the car.

It would be so easy to just ask: Hey, do you know if there's a bathroom around here? but somehow, the question in this situation would be more awkward than just dealing with the consequences of his actions. Besides, his desperation was at a 4 out of 10, it was only amplified to a 6 by the fountain.

"I think we should head back now," Jaden warns. "Your father will probably get super upset if you're late."

"It's more of my Mom," Savannah corrects him. "Dad could care less when I get home."

On the way back, Jaden holds hands with Savannah, but he can only think about hiding behind a tree and releasing a long, warm yellow stream into the dry grass.

"Your face is turning red," Savannah frowns. "Do you need some water?"

No, Jaden thinks.

"Sure," Jaden says.

The regret stuck to him before the bottle even reached his lips. He took a few gulps of water before returning the bottle to her, and he knew that once the water settled, there wouldn't be any room for it to go except in a waterfall down his thighs.

By the time they made it back to the car, Jaden was definitely at a five. There were restaurants he could slide into, but there's no way they'd make it to her house on time if he did. He hesitated to put his seatbelt on.

"Hey, Savannah?" Jaden asks hesitantly.

"Yes?" Savannah responds.

He was about to ask before they drove off, but he had a pretty good handle on things. "This was a nice night to spend with you. I hope we can hang out again soon."

"I could come over to your house," Savannah suggests. "I may not look it, but I enjoy playing video games as well."

"That would be great," Jaden smiles.

Savannah was a gentle driver, so the road had mercy on his poor bladder. The problem was that even with that mercy, it seemed to torture itself.

The GPS read "17 minutes", but it would occasionally flip to 25 minutes, 39 minutes, 14 minutes and then 27. It wasn't the best calculator, and it didn't help much.

Later, it decided on "13 minutes", and Jaden could feel his lower body throbbing. Maybe a seven was more accurate. The heated seats had him looking down from time to time, making sure that it was the car heating up the seat and not him. He grabbed himself through his hoodie, staring attentively at the GPS time.

"Are you okay?" Savannah asks worriedly. "You're acting strange, and your face is still red. Do you need more water?"

"No," Jaden finally had the courage to say. "I'm good."

"Soda isn't water, Jaden." Savannah insists. "You've got to hydrate."

"Really, I'm fine," Jaden assures her, subtly grinding himself against the seat.

"God damn it!" Savannah frowns. "This road is closed off. Do you mind re-entering the coordinates for me?"

"I don't know where I live," Jaden jests, looking for any excuse he can get not to remove his hands.

"Fine, I'll do it," Savannah laughs.

Jaden watches impatiently as Savannah slowly types on the screen. His hands grab the ends of the seat as his grinding becomes less subtle. At a 7, going on 8, Jaden can't help but wonder how long a drive to his house could really be.

"Please stop, you're shaking the car," Savannah asks.

"Sorry," Jaden frowns, reaching back at himself through his hoodie pockets.

"Alright, so the next road is about 12 minutes, which is about the same timing." Savannah steers the car around, heading to the new route. Jaden looks out the window at the empty fields, looking for any tree he could hide behind. He begins dribbling in his boxers as he imagines the relief he'll have once he gets home.

He begins to wonder if it would be legal to lower the window and let himself go. It couldn't be indecent exposure if they hadn't seen anything, right?

After a few minutes of thinking, he decides it would be a very bad idea.

"Listen," Jaden whispers. "I've... got a little problem."

"What?" Savannah asks.

"Well," Jaden sighs, holding his breath as he reaches down for his crotch.

"I'm not going to have sex with you on our first date," Savannah snaps.

"T-that's not what I meant," Jaden whimpers, his legs shaking desperately as he grinds harder against the seat. "I-I'm gonna..."

"I'm driving," Savannah reminds him. "Use your words."

I want to, but if I talk, I'm going to lose control again! Jaden feels a few tears roll down his cheeks as the pressure between his legs starts to loosen up. "P-please help me..."

Savannah pulls over with a sharp turn that sends the first spurt of piss through his boxers, an audible hiss coming from between his legs as a small dark spot forms on his jeans.

"Oh my God, Jaden–" Savannah gasps. "Are you... peeing?"

"N-no, I'm not!" Jaden sobs, his cheeks turning dark red.

"You're literally peeing yourself," Savannah rolls her eyes, glancing at his crotch. Noticing the dark spot sends him into tears.

"P-please hurry, I've really got to go..." He stared longingly out the windows, if the roads weren't so busy, maybe he could step out of the car and relieve himself.

"Can you hold it?" Savannah sighs. "We'll be at your place in five minutes."

"O-okay," Jaden nods, wiping his tears with his free arm.

He was already at a nine. He sighs in relief as another stream sprays out of him, and Savannah acknowledges the hiss once more, but doesn't say anything. He finally sees his house, and he can feel moisture on the car seat already. Luckily, he hadn't released too much on the seat, and the one layer of moisture from his wet jeans wouldn't be too difficult to remove.

"Alright, I'll see you around," Savannah smiles. "Don't worry about the seat."

"I need help..." Jaden cries, leaking another spray through his jeans as the wet spot grows past his thighs. "I-I can't get out..."

"Okay," Savannah nods, exiting the car and walking around to the passenger seat. "Where are your keys?"

"In my pocket," Jaden whimpers, moving his arm out of the way.

"Which one?" Savannah queries.

"This one!" Jaden yells. "The one you just--"

Oh.

He hadn't dropped that dime earlier. It was a lucky find, but it must have been there for a while.

"N-no..." Jaden squirms, trying to keep his full bladder from bursting. "I'm n-not gonna mmake it..."

"It's okay," Savannah smiles, rubbing his thigh gently. "You did your best."

"I-I can't move," Jaden cries. "I-I'm sorry, I don't mean to..."

Savannah pushes against his bladder as he lets out a quiet moan under his lips, a loud roar coming from between his legs. For about a minute, he leans into his seat as a torrent of piss sprays out from the front of his jeans, tears of relief rolling down his face.

It takes him a while to realize that he had, in real time, wet himself in front of one of the hottest girls he knew. (Let alone that it had already taken him a while to process that he was hanging out with her.)

"O-oh my God," Jaden cries. "I'm..."

"Don't worry about it," Savannah winks.

Oh my god, oh my god, I... I just...

His thoughts are interrupted as Savannah leans in for a kiss.

"W-why?" Jaden frowns. "I just m–"

He's interrupted by Savannah's soft sweet lips as he tries his best to figure out what the hell could have gotten into her all of a sudden?

"Come on," Savannah sighs, crawling over him to get back into the driving seat. "I'm sure someone's holding onto your keys at the diner."

"Y-you're gonna be late," Jaden mumbles.

"Totally forgot about daylight savings, didn't we?" Savannah laughs. "That's kinda awkward, isn't it?"

"Couldn't be as awkward as wetting yourself in a girl's car," Jaden lours.

"Let's be honest," Savannah grins. "That was the cutest shit I've ever seen."

