The Boss

Author: peepants1300

*000*2017-12-21 05:44

Elizabeth sat at her boss's desk as he glared down at her. She had been late three days in a row and had missed several meetings. he called her into his office do discuss the consequences.

She had read the consequences of three strikes on this job. It was a weird enough job, but the consequences of not meeting requirements was weird.

"Please don't. I promise I'll be on time tomorrow, and I'll make the morning meetings from now on!"

He shot her a glare and she shut up.

"To the chambers. Now."

Dropping her head low, Elizabeth walked to the basement. She passed by the rooms with called doors, hearing muffled pleas.

Oh God. I didn't even have a morning pee. She thought to herself.

She went into the open room with her name on it and sat in the chair in the center. A lady walked in soon after and strapped her wrists and ankles to the chair.

"Please-" she started, but the woman hushed her.

The woman held a 2 liter bottle of water to Elizabeth's lips and tilted it, forcing her to drink.

Elizabeth was beginning to wonder if the money was worth the job. Because the people willing to test the company's products were rare, the testing job paid well.

She could feel every drop slowly making its way to her already half-full bladder.

When the woman finally removed the empty bottle from Elizabeth's mouth, she let out a helpless cry.

"Please! I haven't even had my morning pee. I already have to go!"

The rules of this punishment were that the person receiving punishment was strapped to the chair and forced to quickly drink 2 liters of water. After half an hour, they would be released from the restraints so they could try their best to hold it in.

They were locked in the room for an entire work day. Few had ever made it through the punishment without wetting themselves.

"Oh God," Elizabeth squirmed in the chair, feeling her bladder fill quickly.

She wished she could cross her legs. She wasn't at the point of holding herself yet, but crossing her legs would feel better at the moment.

She tried to squeeze her thighs together, but the straps on her ankles wouldn't permit it.

After thirty minutes of squirming around in the chair and, feeling her bladder constantly fill, the lady came back and released Elizabeth from the restraints.

Elizabeth immediately crosses her legs and cursed under her breath. She knew she wouldn't last the whole work day. She couldn't.

Because the door was still open, she could hear the pleas of co-workers in the rooms around hers.

The woman began to walk out and shut the door behind her. In an attempt to stop her, Elizabeth jumped from the chair and ran to the door.

Her hands shot to her crotch, and she began a dance to keep control. Standing up had made her need worse, and she whined.

I'm not gonna make it through.

*002*2017-12-21 06:24

{{2 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

This is interesting and very good

}}

Thank you !

*004*2017-12-21 06:39

The woman walked in an hour later and set down a bottle of water before leaving again.

"Please."

Elizabeth pleaded again. She stood with her hands jammed into her crotch and she was shifting from foot to foot.

"I can't. It's only been an hour and I can't. Pleaseee. I'll be on time. I'll make it to the meetings."

The woman simply pointed at the water bottle. Elizabeth shook her head wildly. Sighing, the woman took the bottle and forced it to Elizabeth's lips, making sure she drank it all.

Then she left without a word.

Elizabeth sat down on the floor and rested herself on her heel, using it to help her hold.

She would've worked a five hour day today, so that mean that she still had four and a half hours to go.

Maybe I can sleep those hours away, she thought to herself.

She laid on her side and thought her way into a peaceful sleep.

Please let this work.

