A Surprising Discovery

Author: Parnagonia

*000*2022-07-08 12:52

Lia left work, and before heading home, decided she wanted to go get something to drink from a nearby coffee shop.

She was slim, irregularly short, and large-bosomed with long black hair trimmed off in the bangs.

As she walked in, the barista recognized her, and perked up “Lia!! stopping by again I see, the usual?”

”Actually, I’m feeling adventurous today. Get me one of those raspberry iced refreshers on the sign out front.” She replied.

”On it!”

Within a moment’s notice, Lia had received her drink, which was admittedly larger than anticipated. Despite that, she had managed to completely finish it before even getting home.

”Ugh whats the holdup? This stupid road hasn’t moved in like 5 minuuutes-“ She mumbled, just after sucking the last of her drink out of the cup and swallowing the ice that had been chilling it.

Traffic was abhorrently slow and Lia began getting impatient, so she quickly got off the road to find a detour to her apartment complex. Luckily, this wasn’t too challenging, and the route her navigator spat out was maybe 5 minutes longer than having stayed on the highway.

As the rough, bumpy, backroad teased her ever so slightly, Lia became aware of an urge to use the restroom.

The longer this car ride grew, the worse this feeling became known to her. She finally arrived at the apartment complex, and skipping going to her room, decided just to use the lobby restroom.

She hurriedly walked in and used her keycard to get access to the toilets- she picked the middle stall, and sat down to pee. Before she could release, however, a voice chimed up.

“Stop.”

”Huh What?” Lia replied.

”I said stop. Pull your panties back up.”

The voice was young, not any older than Lia’s, but had an authoritative tone than seemingly called Lia in to obey it’s instruction.

“Might I ask why?” Lia obliged, pulling her underwear back up to waist level.

”I want to teach you something important- about yourself. but it requires you listen and follow my every command.”

Lia was unsure why she felt so comfortable with this stranger, but she listened and let out a simple “okay?”

”Good. From now on, you will refer to me as Ma’am and nothing else. Is that understood?”

”Yes ma’am” Lia murmured.

“Good Girl. Now. I want you to take this.”

From outside the stall, an insanely large half gallon water bottle was handed over. Lia took it.

”Start drinking.”

”But-“

”Drink.”

Lia contemplated her choice but decided once again, for no reason in particular, to listen to the stranger.

”Y-Yes ma’am.”

She began drinking from the bottle.

“Stop once you reach the lines on the bottle.”

Lia continued drinking, a more than significant amount, until the water level reached the lines. Her urge to pee was growing ever faster.

“I need to uhm- pee, ma’am?” Lia said half-tone.

”Good. Hold it in. Keep your panties pulled up.”

”but I’ve gotta-“

”Remember who’s in charge here. You listen and obey, and I show you where you belong.”

”Y—yes ma’am.”

A tear formed in Lia’s eye. She for some reason felt impacted by that response. She chose to continue following her directions in order to not receive another reprimanding.

Deep down, however, a part of Lia enjoyed this. She had never been into women, or any of what she was doing for that matter, but it felt- good.

The hand once again reached over.

”Put this on.”

Lia reached out and took an unfamiliar piece of fabric, before realizing what it was. The stranger wanted Lia blindfolded.

”Yes Ma’am.” Lia said, applying the blindfold.

”Now unlock the stall door.”

Lia hesitated, but knowing what happened last time she talked back she slowly felt around the door to the lock and unlocked it.

”Good Girl. Ooooohhhh! You are quite the specimen!!”

Fingers brushed through Lia’s hair. A second hand found its way down her chest, stopping at her lower abdomen. By this point, Lia REALLY needed to pee.

”I’ll give you a choice.” The stranger said, lightly pressing her hand into Lia’s bladder. “You drink the rest of that bottle, or I give you a more- special drink.”

Lia, reminded of the amount of water left, and already squirming from the pressure, begrudgingly let out “Ill take the special drink- do I get to know what it is?”

”Remember- Do as I say and answer my questions, don’t ask anything else unless you want to be treated even worse.” The stranger reprimanded, “Now lets try that again. The Water, or my Special Drink?”

”Your special drink, ma’am.”

”Good Girl.”

Lia heard intense shuffling, which seemed to rise upwards. Two hard rubber heels placed themselves around Lia’s legs on the toilet seat.

“I am going to pour it in, okay?”

“Open wide.”

Lia obliged.

Something brushed by Lia’s face and a familiar sound began- before Lia recognized the sound, a liquid hit her tongue. It was fast, warm, and a sweet yet ammoniac flavor that she was simultaneously enjoying and revolted by.

Lia realized the sound- the familiar hissing, the hot steamy liquid. She was getting urinated in.

Her mouth was nearly full of the liquid when she realized she couldn’t just let it overflow. She chokingly swallowed this woman’s steaming hot, sweet, golden liquid and felt a sort of relief as it shot down her throat.

She continued swallowing, as fast as she could, but her mouth seemingly filled up faster and faster after each gulp.

A hand found its way to Lia’s scalp, gripping her hair and slowly pulling her head to face upwards. Small amounts of pee splashed out onto her face.

The stream just seemed to get stronger and stronger, and Lia had no choice but to drink all of the pee.

She couldn’t breathe- she was losing her ability to keep swallowing and could feel it trickling on her face. Somehow, this pressed something deep down in Lia. She was turned on by this disgusting display.

As Lia became ever closer to choking, the hot flow began to slow down. She gulped the last few bits and the stream seemingly stopped. Lia gasped for air, and the stranger laughed a girly, giggly laugh.

Before Lia knew it, the hand gripped her scalp, pulled her head back, and released one final torrent of hot steamy pee all over her face.

“Oh boy, that left my lady bits a little messy, too bad the stalls out of toilet paper.”

“I guess this pathetic little toilet slave will have to clean me up.”

She pulled Lia’s head in, pressing her face agains the stranger’s wet, pee-covered pussy.

”Lick. It’s not just gonna clean itself.”

Lia started licking. Cleaning up as much of the lady’s pee as she could, as the hand gripped her hair tighter and rubbed her against the pussy.

Lia had forgotten of the suffering in her own bladder, only reminded of the coming flood by a sudden and painful pang in her lower chest.

She could barely hold it.

Lia let out a loud moan, while being forced into submission. She felt gross but was simultaneously in love with everything happening. She loved serving as this stranger’s toilet.

Uncontrollably, a few drops fell from Lia’s crotch into her grey panties. a visible dark spot appeared. She panicked and clenched as tight as she could.

The stranger took notice to this, and gripped her hand around Lia’s throat, tilting her head up in the process.

“Listen here. I didn’t tell you you could let go, did I?”

”I didn’t mean to-“

”DID I?”

”No, m-ma’am.”

Lia heard the crunching of the water bottle and suddenly it was pressed against her lips.

“Drink. This is your punishment for disobeying me.”

Lia began gulping down the water exactly as instructed. She knew she couldn’t object or she would be subject to a far worse torture.

She finished the entire bottle, but was now unable to move or think- or do anything for that matter, because of her focus on keeping her bladder sealed off.

It hurt, it pressured, Lia squirmed violently, and she loved every bit of it. A different kind of wetness also plagued her panties.

A hand once again found its way to Lia’s abdomen, pressing down, and forcing small drops of pee out.

Tears formed under Lia’s blindfold, scared of what her punishment would be. Two hands gripped her on both sides and pulled her up from the toilet seat. This caused an involuntary squirt of pee into her panties- they were already soaked- and Lia’s bladder was still completely full.

”Pull up your pants.”

Lia obliged without saying anything.

”I am going to remove your blindfold. Do not even think about turning around to face me or I will make this far, far worse.”

Lia nodded. A hand wrapped around the blindfold and she caught a glimpse of a purple acrylic nail. She didn’t have the time to think about it though, as the building pressure inside of her was leaving her shaking.

”I want you to leave the restroom, and make your way to your apartment.”

”I wont be able t-“

”Go.” the stranger interrupted.

Lia shuffled out, clenching her thighs together, unsure how she would get there in time.

She walked over to the elevators. Out of Order. She was going to have to take the stairs.

As Lia entered the cold, dark, stairwell, she was utterly terrified. She began pulling her way up the stairs, tiny drops of pee falling out each step. She lived on the third floor, so it shouldn’t be too long.

She continued leaking pee all down her leg as she walked up to the stairs, her face red in humiliation, her hand pressed into her crotch.

She moved her hand into her panties to plug her pee hole before continuing to waddle up the stairs.

She reached her floor, and shuffled out down the hallway towards her apartment. She started reaching into her bag to find her keys, unsuccessfully. She couldn’t get it open with just a single hand.

She clenched as hard as she possibly could, and took her hand away from her crotch to open the bag.

It started leaking uncontrollably.

Pee started streaming down her leg, and a perverted and disgusting smell began coming off of her.

Admitting her defeat, Lia held her legs together, and submitted, releasing her hours of built up pee all over herself.

It poured down her legs and soaked into her leggings, a warm, sexual sense filled her. Her hot yellow pee filling up every crevice of her pants.

She shoved her hand into her underwear almost uncontrollably. The pee left her whole crotch slippery and just simply brushing past her clit left her weak at the knees. She fell to the floor, her pee now flowing not only down her legs but up her body as well, soaking into her shirt and face.

Lia was humiliated. And she loved every second of it. she started running her hands all over her body, massaging her slippery, pee soaked breasts and rubbing her clit. She didn’t even care she was still in the hallway. She pulled off her pants and violently rubbed her slippery clit out in the complete open.

Quicker than she ever had before, Lia came to a screaming orgasm, shaking and squirming and letting out a violent squirt of hot wet liquid all over her face and chest. She laid there for multiple minutes, soaking in her piss puddle before she heard the click of the stairwell door.

She scrambled to her feet, finding her key in her now also soaked bag, and struggling to unlock her door. A figure walks up beside her and begins unlocking the door next to her.

It’s her neighbor, Alicia. The sweetest and most heartfelt lady imaginable.

“Everything okay Lia?”

”Yeah, Im just-“

Lia paused. She recognized something.

Alicia had just gotten new nails- purple.

”Actually, Alicia, do you mind if i come into your apartment?”

Lia didn’t quite know what was gonna happen next, but she was sure it was going to be a fun night.

