Desperately Wetting on the Plane

Author: Pisaj

*000*2024-01-25 23:02

Hello. This is my very first attempt at a story. I hope you enjoy.

Connie woke up in the morning. She was expecting an alarm, but woke up to silence. She woke up very tired, as she had trouble falling asleep last night. She decided to lay down for a bit longer. For context, Connie is a 25 year old woman who is about 5’4’’ in height. She has somewhat pale skin and is pretty curvy and generally attractive.

Suddenly, her brain turned on, and she remembered that she has a flight to catch today and must have missed her alarm. She was going on a vacation to the DR and didn’t want to miss her flight. Connie looked at the clock on her bedside table, and saw that she was running very late. She threw her covers off of her and, in a huge rush, went to get dressed. She decided to put on a tight pair of light blue skinny jeans and a somewhat tight, white button up shirt. She quickly got dressed, called an Uber on her phone, and started to head out the door of her apartment. As she left, she decided to grab two water bottles to drink along the way along with her luggage. She put the water bottles in her bag and went to stand on the street.

As Connie was outside waiting for the Uber, she realized that she had forgotten to use the bathroom before she left. All the urine that had built up overnight was making itself known to her. She wasn’t exactly concerned, thought. Connie thought that she can always just go at the airport or on the plane. Finally, her Uber arrived. The driver helped put her luggage in the trunk and she got in. Along the way, Connie was sipping on one of her water bottles. She didn’t think much of it and did consider herself to be pretty thirsty.

However, as she finished her bottle, she couldn’t help but notice her urge to pee was getting pretty bad. She started to slightly fidget and shift in her seat. Connie was starting to wonder if drinking that water was such a good idea. Thankfully, there wasn’t much traffic. The driver drove pretty fast and was almost at the airport, but Connie’s urge was really starting to let itself be known. She continued shifting slightly and brought her thighs close together to help her need to pee. It also wasn’t helping that her jeans were pushing on her bladder slightly.

Finally, they arrived at the airport. The driver got out and so did Connie. The change in position shifted the contents of her bladder, and she felt the need to hold herself for a second. Thankfully, nobody noticed. The driver helped her get her suitcase out of the trunk, and she was on her way. She rushed to get her luggage registered, and then went through TSA. There wasn’t much of a line and she was quickly getting her carry on bag checked. They noticed that she had a water bottle in her bag, and didn’t let her through with that. They told Connie that she either has to throw it out or drink it.

She didn’t want to waste it, so she decided to chug the bottle. She threw the empty bottle out and they let her through. As she was walking, Connie’s need to pee was starting to get pretty urgent. She started to regret drinking that second water bottle. She contemplated on using the airport restroom, but when she saw people about to finish boarding her flight at her gate, she decided to just get on the plane. She walked up to the gate and they checked her ticket. Connie tried her best not to dance in place as they were checking her ticket and felt like she was on the verge of wetting herself. They gave her back her ticked and let her through onto the plane.

Connie walked through the plane to find her seat, which ended up being close to the back of the plane. She had the window seat and had to climb over two people to get in. As she was climbing over, she just barely managed to suppress a leak. She sat down and tried to relax, but her bladder would not allow her to. She waited desperately for the plane to finally start taxiing and felt like she was at her limit. She was bouncing her right leg up and down and also started to cross her legs. Connie was clenching her muscles with all her strength to keep the flood in and prayed that the plane would finally start moving.

The plane did finally start moving, but right as it did, Connie felt a small leak escape her and moisten her panties a bit. She squeezed herself really hard to not let anymore out. She was now openly holding herself and had her hand lodged into her crotch. She also had her thighs together very tightly. Thankfully, the damage did not show on her jeans yet. Soon, the plane reached the runway and was getting ready to take off. As the plane was speeding down the runway, Connie felt herself spurt with every single bump and there was nothing she could do. She regained full control when the plane was ascending in the air, but there was a wet spot on the crotch area of her jeans. She was able to hide it with her hand, which she still kept there as she was holding herself very tightly.

They eventually reached cruising altitude, but the seatbelt sign did not go off. There was some mild turbulence and she was not allowed to get out of her seat. She contemplated begging one of the flight attendants to let her go, but was too shy to. Her bladder was bulging like a little balloon and her jeans were not doing her a favor pushing on it. Connie was now holding, squirming, shifting like crazy and the people seated next to her didn’t really pay any mind to it, thankfully.

Finally, the fasten seatbelt sign turned off and she was able to get up. Right as she started to get up, barely holding back her urine, a line of people appeared for the restroom. She waited in line behind three other people, still squirming and holding herself. The first person finally went in and Connie’s bladder has just about had it. She felt one spurt escape, then a second one, and then a third. It was now starting to slowly run down her inner thighs in small streaks. She managed to regain control by squeezing herself with her hand, but not for long. Her bladder has had enough, and the flood contained in her poor bladder was gonna finally release. Suddenly, she started to slowly leak. It started as a weak stream and was starting to run down her inner thighs. Connie tried to hold it back, but to no avail. This was it.

After a few seconds, a sudden torrent shot out of her and right into the jeans. With an ear piercing hiss, the back of her light blue jeans suddenly became soaked with urine, turning them a dark blue. The entire back of her thighs were soaked. Her butt was soaked and so were her inner thighs. The urine pooled into her sneakers and the urine soaked into the airplane’s carpeted floor. She finally gave up, relaxed completely, and removed her hand from her crotch. Her stream was still going and hissing louder than ever as her legs were shaking from the stress. Her jeans were turned almost completely to a moist dark blue color and were glistening due to the urine that continued to run down her legs in massive amounts. After about a minute, her stream finally died down. She was extremely humiliated and kept her head down. A flight attendant saw what had happened and tried to comfort her. He said that its not problem and that they were gonna land in about an hour, anyway.

Connie returned to her seat with her head down as she was embarrassed by her accident. The people sitting closer to the isle stood up so that she can pass through. They didn’t acknowledge her accident other than that. A few minutes after sitting down, she noticed that she had to pee really badly again. This time she did not hold back. She released into her jeans once again, rewetting them completely. She didn’t see a reason not to, since they were already soaked from her first accident. There was once again an audible hiss as she completely relaxed.

She felt very good and couldn’t help but close her eyes and sigh. Her pee started going down her butt as she was sitting down and releasing. After about thirty seconds, it died down. Connie would release a few more times until the plane eventually landed and the flight was over. She walked out of the plane last so that less people would see her wet jeans. They were completely dark blue after all the urine that was released in them. Connie could not help but realized that she slightly enjoyed herself every single release. She definitely felt like this was something she wanted to experience again.

