Ghosts Don't Pee! (Remade)

Author: ParanOmo

*000*2022-12-27 18:36

Ghosts Don't Pee! (Remade)

Quick Note: I decided to remake my first Omo-story because I felt like it needed to be polished, and some things needed to be changed like the flow of the story.

Story:

Alan woke up to the sound of glass shattering in the middle of the night. He decided to check what it was, and went downstairs only to see that his window was broken, with no source of the damage caused.

"Boo!" Gaia, a ghost, suddenly appeared in front of Alan, trying to scare him with a simple word.

"I'm sorry, who are you?" Alan seemed completely unfazed at what he had just seen.

"You're not scared of me?" Gaia's face was more shocked than Alan's. "Aww, man... I thought I'd really scare someone this time." Gaia thought to herself, eyeing Alan's blank expression.

A: "No, I'm not. Now, who the hell are you?"

G: "Uhh... Hi?"

A: "Yes, hello, can you PLEASE tell me who you are?"

G: "I'm Gaia, and I'm a ghost. I'm supposed to scare people"

A: "That's hard to believe. Either you're not actually ghost, or you just suck at your job."

G: "But I AM A GHOST... sort of."

A: "Uh huh... explain."

G: "Well, you're right. I suck at my job, so I was revoked of some of my ghost powers and banished from the ghostly underworld. Anyways, you don't really need to know much about me because I'm leaving right about... now."

A: "No, you're not. You said you were banished from this supposed 'ghostly underworld', meaning you have no where to go. Plus, you're going to have to explain this whole ghost powers thing."

G (thinking): "I've never met someone this chill about a ghost... maybe I should explain."

G: "Alright, fine. All other ghosts are amazing at scaring people, unlike me. Afterward, I was banished and considered useless, losing my home and some of my powers, like walking through walls. So now, I try to scare people to prove to the others that I am useful, but-"

A: "Clearly, you've been unsuccessful."

A (thinking): "I can't believe I'm doing this."

A: "Look, Gaia. You need a place to stay, which from now on, is gonna be my home. Whether you're a ghost or not, I don't really care. But I-"

G: "Yes, please. Get me out of living in alleyways."

A: "Okay then, you'll be sleeping on the couch."

G: "By the way, I never asked your name."

A: "Name's Alan. Make yourself comfortable here, I'm going back to sleep."

G (thinking): "No human or ghost has ever been this nice to me. Maybe Alan's different."

Gaia lay on the couch, immediately falling asleep, thankful that she could finally rest. Meanwhile, Alan was on his phone, searching about ghost powers.

The next morning, Gaia woke up refreshed. Alan then came downstairs, dressed in casual clothes already.

A: "Morning."

G: "Morning."

A: "So, Gaia. You're a half ghost, if I did my research right."

G: "Meaning?"

A: "You function like a human, but you're still semi-transparent, you can float, and not die."

G: "Okay, I think I know how humans function."

A: "Alright, cool. I'm gonna head out to buy some stuff. You wanna come? You're gonna have to stay in the car though."

G: "Sure, I'll come along."

Alan and Gaia got into Alan's car, and headed towards the grocery store. Once they reached the store, Gaia felt a sudden pressure in her bladder.

A: "You're fine staying here right? I'll be back in about 5 minutes."

G: "Yeah, yeah, totally."

A: "You're not acting okay."

As Alan looked at Gaia suspiciously, Gaia crossed her legs, not wanting to make it obvious that she needed to pee.

A: "Gaia, do you need to pee?"

G: "What? No, of course not! Ghosts's don't pee! Even half ghosts!"

A: "Alright then."

Alan walked away from the car, leaving Gaia by herself, holding her crotch.

G (thinking): "I don't think I can hold it for 5 whole minutes, but I don't wanna embarrass myself in front of Alan, or pee myself."

5 minutes later...

Gaia's urge calmed down a bit, just as Alan came back with grocery bags.

A: "Hey, Gaia, I got the stuff, we can head back home now."

G: "That's great!"

Alan started the car again, and saw Gaia's facial expression. He saw desperation in her eyes, and a trembling mouth.

A (thinking): "She definitely has to pee. or maybe not. Maybe all kinds of ghosts don't pee at all."

Then, as they were about to enter the neighbourhood where Alan stayed at soon, they ran into a traffic jam due to a car accident. Gaia suddenly went cold as the car moved slower and slower. Alan could see her discomfort, and confirmed that she needed to pee.

A: "You're sure you don't need to pee?"

Gaia stared at him for a while, and gave up hiding it. Her hands immediately grasped her crotch as she felt her bladder filling up.

G: "I do, I really do! I lied about not having to pee, and now I don't think I can hold it in anymore."

A: "You probably shouldn't have lied, because now we're in a traffic jam due to some car accident."

G: "I know, I know, I just didn't want to embarrass myself. AND NOW I'M ABOUT TO HAVE MY OWN ACCIDENT!"

A: "Okay, okay, I'll try to take another route back home. Just, try to hold it in a little longer."

Thankfully, Alan reached a turn towards another path to the neighbourhood. Unfortunately, it was full of turns, not being very helpful to Gaia's situation.

G: "Alan, I really can't hold it. I'm sorry about your car."

A: "Wait, wait, wait! We're right here, just hang in there."

Alan finally reached his home, and quickly unlocked the door. Gaia immediately rushed in, her hands pushing into her body. Alan pointed to where the bathroom was, helping Gaia reach it in time. She pulled her phantom panties down, and sat on the toilet, finally letting loose. Alan quickly closed the door for her and returned to the car to take the grocery bags in.

Gaia's pee was extremely loud, and hit the toilet bowl like a garden hose. She moaned even louder when she began to feel her bladder shrink, peeing for almost 2 whole minutes. After she finished and wiped herself, she let out a huge sigh of relief and walked out of the bathroom, forgetting to flush.

Alan then went in to wash his hands, but saw that the toilet bowl was halfway filled with Gaia's pee. He closed the lid and flushed it, trying not to think about it.

A: "Gaia, how long did you hold it in for?"

G: "Since last night, I think."

A: "You really shouldn't hold it in for hours, or lie about it."

G: "I know, I'm just glad I made it. Thanks to you."

A: "I'm glad you made it too, but don't do this again."

G: "I won't, but just to be clear, ghosts still don't pee. However, I realise now that half ghosts do pee."

THE END

