PeeCember 2022: Part 4

Author: PPP 
*000*2023-01-01 04:38

$$

A character who drinks a lot and canonically has a weak bladder? Sounds like the perfect candidate for one of my stories! 

(Also, this isn't the last one. PeeCember will continue into January. Januar-Pee?) 

Day 15: Free day/ in a container Reagan Ridley (Inside Job) 

Reagan Ridley wiped the sweat from her brow and gave the screwdriver another turn. 

“Tight! Too tight!” 

“I knew I should have powered you down for this,” Reagan grumbled. The scientist took a step back from her current project: Alpha-Beta, a robotic replica of the U.S. president. He was one of many questionably ethical creations of Cognito Inc, a shadowy organization that essentially ran the world behind the scenes. Their ROBOTUS project had hit a small snag when Alpha-Beta tried to wipe out humanity, but that was water under the bridge now. In exchange for his continued help, Reagan was giving him an upgrade, adding a set of treads to the robot’s lower torso. And enduring his criticisms the whole time. 

“Sorry,” said Alpha-Beta, in a voice that was clearly not used to apologizing. “I… appreciate you doing this, Reagan. It hasn’t been easy, sitting there immobile and watching the same episodes of Friends on repeat.” He sighed. “Ross and Rachel really need to just call it quits for good.” 

“Preach,” said Reagan. “Tell you what, if you keep me informed on the crazy bullshit everyone else is up to, I can get you the next season.” 

“Excellent!” shouted Alpha-Beta, his eyes lighting up (literally, he’s a robot). “Gigi’s trying to collect a different pair of shoes for every day of the month! Glenn’s been hate-watching Blackfish on repeat! And Andre’s working on-” 

“Not now!” Reagan groaned. “I need to concentrate, and I’ve been at this for… shit, nine hours? Why did I have to make this thing so damn complicated?” She stood up and stretched. “Time for a pick-me-up.” 

Reagan strolled over to her fridge and pulled out a large can. 

“What’s that?” asked Alpha-Beta. “You’re not going to work on me drunk again, are you?” 

“Oh, this isn’t pure alcohol,” Reagan reassured him. “It’s my special mix of Red Bull and vodka. I call it Яed Bull.” She frowned. “That name only really works in written form.” 

“Reagan, you have a problem,” Alpha-Beta sighed as she chugged the whole can. “And by ‘a’ I mean ‘many, but let’s focus on the drinking right now.’” 

“The urge to shut you down is rising again,” Reagan grumbled. 

“Not the darkness!” cried Alpha-Beta “I mean, I’ll take your statement into consideration.” 

“That’s what I thought,” Reagan said to herself as she resumed her work. 

Re-energized, Reagan kept at it for a while, connecting circuits, welding seams, and tightening bolts. After about an hour, though, she began to feel a familiar pressure in her midsection. 

“Goddammit,” she grumbled. Reagan had a lot of personal problems to deal with, but one of the most irritating was her weak bladder (which some said was genetic). Keeping that in mind, she decided she had no choice. 

“Excuse me for a minute,” said Reagan. “Gotta take a break.” 

“A break?” Alpha-Beta repeated. “What kind of- oh, I see. In that case, I would like to remind you of the spy cameras recently installed in all the restrooms.” 

“Shit, I forgot about that. Wait, what makes you think I need to-” 

“Your legs are shaking, you’re noticeably fidgeting, and you recently drank a massive can of Яed Bull.” Alpha-Beta rationalized. “It doesn’t take a genius-level AI to see what’s going on.” 

“Alright, alright!” Reagan snapped. “Can’t you disable those cameras?” 

“I’ve tried, but the firewall is insane,” said Alpha-Beta. “Plus, according to the cams, Andre’s currently shooting up in one of the bathrooms. And in another one, Myc’s… honestly, I can’t tell what that freaky fucking mushroom is doing, and frankly I don’t want to.” 

“Guess just using the toilet’s out, then,” sighed Reagan. “Why is nothing ever simple around here?” 

With that, Reagan began searching her lab for something suitable to pee in. She found a few beakers and test tubes, but none were very large, and Regan was worried about overflowing. After several minutes, she found she was getting truly desperate; she had to put an active effort into holding it in. Reagan had just about given up hope when her eyes fell upon her discarded soda/beer can. 

“It’s a long shot,” she said to herself, “but fuck it; I’m not about to wet my pants.” 

With that, Reagan grabbed a pocket knife and cut off the top of the can. She moved out of Alpha-Beta’s line of sight (even though she was fairly certain the robot wasn’t interested in watching her pee), then pulled down her pants and underwear. She barely had time to hold the can up to her crotch before her bladder let go, emptying with a loud hiss. Reagan sighed in relief, glad that she hadn’t wet herself. She moved the can even closer to the source of her pee stream, making sure that not a single drop spilled on the floor. 

After about a minute, Reagan finished her impromptu bathroom break. She put down the can, which was nearly full to the brim, and redressed herself. The odor of her pee wasn’t exactly pleasant, so she covered up the can with a spare bit of plastic wrap. She’d dispose of it later, but currently she was focused on returning to her work, hopefully with no more interruptions. 

“Hey, Reagan!” 

Reagan sighed as her coworker Brett entered the room. She liked him despite his excessive cheeriness, but this was not the time. 

“Kind busy here, Brett,” she said, not looking up. 

“Oh, I see that; I’m just here to pick up a little something for Andre,” Brett explained. “He just came out of the bathroom and told me about this new idea he had and he said he needed-” 

“Whatever it is, take it,” Reagan interrupted. 

“Thanks, Reagan! You’re the best!” 

Reagan still didn’t turn away from her work as Brett rummaged through her lab, but curiosity got the better of her as she heard him open the door to leave. 

“Hey,” she called, “what was it you- oh, shit!” 

It looked like Brett hadn’t heard her. More importantly, the can was missing. 

“Dammit, I thought Andre wanted some plutonium or something,” she cried, “not a drink!” 

“A ‘drink’ that I suggest you recover,” said Alpha-Beta. 

Regan sprinted out of her lab and down the halls calling Brett’s name, but there was no sign of him. She ran almost all the way to Andre’s lab before she found him- heading in the opposite direction. 

“Brett!” she shouted. “Did you give Andre that can?” 

“Sure did!” Brett replied. 

“Goddammit, that wasn’t a drink!” Reagan groaned. “It was… it was my… piss.” She felt herself turning red. “I’m sorry, I-” 

“Oh, I know,” said Brett. 

“-didn’t think that…,” Reagan continued. “Wait, what?” 

“I knew it was pee,” he said. “Andre said he needed human urine for his latest experiment. I think he called it ‘Dr. Andre Lee’s Fluid Flotations.’” 

“I have so many questions,” said Reagan, though she was glad Andre hadn’t accidentally drank her pee. “Most importantly, why did it have to be me?” 

“Well,” Brett replied, “Andre’s pee has enough drugs in it to flunk a dozen tests and Gigi would think it was some sort of sex thing. And remember how after last week’s experiment, Glenn said he was ‘done giving bodily fluids for America’?” 

“Ugh, I’m trying to forget,” Reagan shuddered. “But why couldn’t you have done it? 

“Oh, I have a shy bladder,” Brett admitted. “I can’t go if I even think someone’s nearby.” 

“Thanks for the information,” Reagan said dully. She sighed. “Great. Now this whole place is gonna think I’m some sort of weirdo who pisses in soda cans.” 

“Don’t worry,” Brett replied. “I figured you’d be embarrassed if I stole your pee, so I told Andre it was mine.” 

“Thanks,” said Reagan, cracking a rare smile. 

“Anytime,” said Brett. “You know what they say: friends swap secrets, true friends swap pee.” 

“Nobody says that, Brett.” 

“Yeah, I know,” he admitted. “But we could make it a thing!” 

“Let’s not,” said Reagan. 

“Yeah, you’re probably right,” said Brett. “Anyway, I gotta go. See you later!” 

“Later,” Reagan replied. Hopefully it would be a while before she had to “go” as well. 





















































