The Thornevale Job

Author: Pastafari

*000*2025-11-14 21:02

My first ever attempt at omo fiction - well, at any fiction at all, really. No guarantees given whatsoever for any additional chapters, nor for any feedback, positive or negative, to be responded to in any way. Enjoy.

The Thornvale Job – Part I

Damnit, what was taking her so long?

Hannah had been sitting at her table for nearly two hours now, sipping her tea in a quiet corner of the tavern. True, she’d already received three silver talents just for showing up, so she should hardly complain. Her client’s rather pretty handmaiden had slid them across the table in a small velvet pouch, smiling politely as she thanked Hannah for her time and apologised on behalf of her mistress, who was unfortunately delayed but who assured Hannah that their meeting would go on as planned, and that she would be compensated handsomely for her time, regardless of whether or not she accepted the assignment.

Three talents for two hours was a better fee than she usually got, especially since all she had to do was sit back and drink tea. However, the relaxed comfort she’d felt initially was starting to be pushed aside by a new, slightly less comfortable sensation. Maybe she should have stopped at “sit back”…

Although she had been moving towards a more well-to-do clientele in recent years, an advance payment just for the initial consult was a new level of class even for Hannah. Of course, being part of the nobility was hardly a guarantee for good manners – particularly when hiring a burglar to steal your grandmother’s necklace back from cousin Adele, who would only be keeping it locked in a box anyway, and everyone knew that granny, apologies, Countess de la Mar, gods rest her soul, really intended for the jewel to go to me, it’s just that her will was awfully vague, and getting a judge to confirm that I’m in the right would just be such a bother, don’t you know, and it really would not do to be seen bickering in a courtroom like stray dogs over a bone, and so it would just be in everyone’s best interest if the necklace were to simply be lost, don’t you agree?

Undignified? Only from a certain point of view. Hannah preferred to think of herself as a professional, an artist defined by her skills. The trivialities that her clients paid her to retrieve were hardly her concern. What mattered was how the job was executed. Elegance and efficiency, that’s what she specialised in, and what her clients paid for. Clean entry, clean exit, no harm to persons or property, and, of course, full discretion.

Ten years of burglary and so far, her record was clean. Never once had she even come up as a suspect in any of the hundreds of jobs she’d pulled off. Nothing was ever traced back to her, let alone to her clients. She took her work very seriously, and she was proud of the skills she’d acquired over the years. Patience and prudence. A day spent observing exit routes from a window across the street is a minute gained when leaving the scene. An hour spent scrubbing the kitchen floor in a dirty apron and a horrible blond wig would not so much as dent her dignity if it got her a glimpse at the chef’s key to the cellar. Patience and prudence.

Speaking of patience… Taking her prospective client’s money without hearing them out would not be good for her reputation, but if they took much longer to arrive, Hannah might just consider it, she thought to herself as she crossed her legs beneath the table. The tavern she’d picked for the meeting was not the seediest in town by a long shot, but neither would it win any awards for cleanliness, and the outhouse next to the back door did not look particularly inviting to Hannah. If this were an actual job, and visiting it would allow her to overhear the scullery maids gossiping about their mistress, Hannah wouldn’t think twice about it. But she wasn’t at work now, and braving the sights and smells of the outhouse just for a pee just didn’t seem worth it – even though this particular pee would be very a welcome one.

Damnit, but she was really starting to feel it now. She glanced at the empty tea cup in front of her, and decided she’d give them another quarter of an hour. After that, she’d leave, pretty handmaiden or not. Even if the client showed up after all, they’d hardly take Hannah seriously if she couldn’t sit still during negotiations. Better to cut her losses now.

Fifteen minutes didn’t sound like a long time; after all, she’d been there for two hours already. But somehow, the clock didn’t seem to move as fast as it did before. She uncrossed her legs, then crossed them the other way. The tingling pressure in her bladder was a familiar sensation. She’d practised holding her pee on occasion – it was a useful skill to have as a burglar. She had lied in wait for hours beneath Lord Galliver’s bed until he went for his midnight smoke and she could empty his wallet without having to force the lock of his bedroom door. That definitely would not have worked if she would have pissed herself halfway through the night – the trail of wet footprints would have been unmistakable when she left, not to mention the smell. The only way out was to hold it until he left for work in the morning, and she could squat over his chamberpot.

That job had underlined the value of a well-controlled bladder, and so she made sure to schedule a holding session every few weeks to keep her skills sharp. However, she preferred to do so in a time and place of her own choosing. At home, during an evening with wine and poetry, or perhaps on an afternoon out with a friend who leaned that way, but definitely not during a business meeting.

She realised that, maybe, reminiscing about that particular job was not the best idea when she already had to pee. Unconsciously, her foot had started to tap a soft little jig on the floor beneath the table, unnoticeable over the din of the pub but clearly visible to anyone who would sit themselves down across from Hannah. That’s it – enough, she thought. She was going home and have herself a well-deserved pee, and that posh lady could damn well rob her cousin herself.

“Lady Hannah!”

Just as she made to get up, the handmaiden’s voice sounded behind her. No getting out of it now, she’d just have to soldier through. Ah well, it would be good practise. Patience and prudence, and no small dose of dedication. And a good, hard piss after.

Hannah stood up and smoothed her jacket. The sudden pull of gravity made the pressure in her bladder spike, and she fought to keep her face straight and her smile pleasantly non-descript as she pressed her thighs together and greeted the handmaid. Damn her, that face…

“May I introduce you to the Lady Fairweather.”

The handmaid stepped aside, and a young noblewoman stepped forward. Hannah was surprised to find that the Lady Fairweather looked to be about Hannah’s own age, maybe just pushing thirty. Usually, her clients tended to be older, having had more time to build up the grudges that lead them to seek Hannah’s services.

“Lady Hannah. My apologies for my delayed arrival. A trifling matter with the local council, happily resolved now. I hope I have not inconvenienced you.”

“Not at all, my lady. Even without your generous advance payment, I make it a point of professionalism to always hear out a potential client. However, as I said to your handmaiden earlier, please be aware that my taking that money does not mean I take the job. My services are… specific, and I will decide whether or not I can help you only after you’ve explained what you need me to do.” And hopefully you’ll do so quickly, she thought.

“Quite right. I think your specific services and skills are perfectly suited to my needs, but I’ll let you be the judge of that.”

Hannah subtly pressed her thighs together. Why were they still standing?

“Well, let’s hear what it is you require of me. Please, sit yourselves down.”

“I’d rather not speak of it until we have some privacy. I’ve rented a room upstairs for the next hour. Come, I’m sure you’d like to get away from the noise down here.”

Without waiting for a reply, Lady Fairweather turned around and made for the staircase next to the bar. Her handmaiden waited politely for Hannah to follow, then stepped in behind her. “Great”, Hannah thought, “let’s climb a steep set of stairs with those handmaiden’s dewy eyes two feet behind my ass. Just what I needed.”

She smiled briefly, thinking it was a good thing she wasn’t wearing one of her night-time burglary outfits. The black leggings were great for moving unseen through a garden, but she knew from experience that they were not the most comfortable when her bladder was as full as it was now, the waistband pressing against it something fierce. Not to mention the way they hugged her curves; great for sneaking about quietly, but they definitely would have revealed more of her physique to the handmaiden’s eyes than she preferred just now. Although, she mused to herself, it wouldn’t be a disaster either – that handmaiden really was rather pretty. Still, no time to think about that now. Prudence and patience. She squeezed her legs together once more, then followed the Lady.

Standing in the upstairs hallway, Hannah felt quite proud of herself, having made it up the stairs without so much as squeezing her thighs. She stepped aside to let the handmaiden pass and unlock the door. The noblewomen went in first, ducking slightly as she stepped through the rather low door into a small but pleasantly furnished room. The handmaiden followed, leaving Hannah in the hallway. Hannah surreptitiously gave herself a squeeze before she stepped in too. No harm done if nobody saw her.

Two low armchairs stood in a corner, with a table in between. A big teapot and three cups and saucers stood ready. “Oh dear”, Hannah thought. Lady Fairweather sat herself down in one of the chairs, smoothing her skirts and gesturing for Hannah to sit down opposite her. Hannah did so gladly, being very careful not to sigh in relief as the change in position took some of the pressure off her bladder.

“Two cups of tea please, Julia, and have one yourself too.”

“Julia”, Hannah thought. She prided herself on her memory for names and faces. Being able to blend into a household would never work if she didn’t know the names of the head maid, the cook, and the stablemaster. Julia poured the tea, somehow managing to tilt the pot just so that the liquid didn’t splash or gurgle, flowing into the cup without making a sound, even though she held the pot at chest level and the cups were on the knee-high table. Hannah made a note that she should learn how to do that some day – you never knew when a skill like that would come in handy. And, she thought with a little hidden smile, being able to spare herself the sound of streaming water would also be a nice treat. If she’d had to pour the tea herself, the splashing sound would have made it that much harder to hide her need from the client.

“So, Lady Hannah”, the noblewoman began, after having taking a polite sip from her tea. “The job I have for you is rather… unusual. No, please, don’t bother”, she said quickly, as Hannah made to interrupt her. “I’m well aware of your profession. A high-end burglar, specialising in robbing nobles on behalf of other nobles. Does that summarise it?”

Hannah nodded curtly. It didn’t really reflect how she thought of her services, but it was technically correct.

“Good. Now, as I said, this job is rather unusual, even for you. It will take a few weeks of preparation, and several days to execute. Of course, you will be compensated accordingly. I know you’re not the cheapest, although I’m sure your fees are proportionate to the level of service you provide. Rest assured though that this job will pay exceedingly well even by your standards.”

Hannah casually crossed her legs as she sat up a little bit straighter. This sounded interesting.

“Have you ever been to Thornevale?”

“I’ve heard of it, but I’ve never had the pleasure”, Hannah answered, trying to remember what she’d heard about it.

“Then no doubt you’ve heard of their annual festival?”

Ah, yes. The festival. That’s what it was.

“The Pee Games?”

“Quite so. Or, officially, ‘The Thornevale Festival For The Enjoyment Of A Woman’s Full Bladder And The Emptying Thereof’. They’re quite poetic about the whole affair.”

Hannah blinked. “You’ve got to be kidding me. First she’s two hours late, then she has me climbing those blasted stairs, and now this”, she thought.

“I’ve heard of it, yes. I think it’s in a few weeks, isn’t that right?”

“Three weeks, yes. Like I said, a few weeks of preparation”, Lady Fairweather said, her face inscrutably blank as she took another sip of her tea. Julia followed suit, so that Hannah felt obliged to drink too.

“Preparation?”, Hannah asked.

“Ah, I do apologise for the confusion. It’s a complicated affair to explain.”

“Let’s start simple then”, Hannah said. “What is it you need me to retrieve, and whom do you need it retrieved from?” And please, get to the point quickly so I can go and pee!

“The item is a piece of clothing. Quite simple, and not at all valuable to anyone but myself – and, by extension, to the man currently in possession of it. Lord Fairweather.”

“Your husband?”

“Regrettably so, though hopefully not for much longer. Him obtaining that piece of clothing from me was but one of his many transgressions.”

“I see”, Hannah said, uncrossing her legs and then crossing them the other way.

“I’m not sure you do, dear. However, it is beside the point. My personal relation to Lord Fairweather is of no consequence to your job. Retrieve the item, deliver it to me, and receive your compensation. Why, it seems simple enough when you put it like that.”

“It usually does”, Hannah said. “Now, what does this have to do with the Thornevale festival?”

“Lord Fairweather lives in Thornevale. He wasn’t born there, but he moved there some years ago. One of those new mansions on the outskirts of the town. I lived there with him until recently, but our final parting was not a particularly happy affair and, in the heat of the moment, I lost my keys to the house.”

Hannah didn’t say anything. A quick glance to the side showed Julia staring at the wall, carefully keeping her face blank.

“Alright, alright, I threw it in his face. Had you been there and heard the things he said, you’d have applauded my restraint for limiting myself to a set of keys. He could have taken a week-old chamberpot to the nose and still not have paid in full for his crimes. Anyway, it means I no longer have access to the mansion. Which is why I must resort to the services of someone like you to retrieve my lost property.”

“I see”, Hannah said, crossing her legs the other way again. Was this woman ever going to get to the point?

“The mansion is impossible to get into without that key. Yes, I know you are quite skilled at entering places you’re not supposed to, and I’m sure you’d like to try your hand, but I can’t risk it. Remember, I lived there; I know how secure it is. It simply can’t be done. And if you’re caught, he’ll know immediately that I sent you, and what I sent you for. He’s been dangling this over me like a blade for months now, and if he knew how far I’d go to retrieve that… item, he could use it to ruin me.”

Hannah was intrigued now, the pressure in her bladder forgotten for a moment. This sounded like a lot more fun than most of her jobs.

“Alright, let’s assume for the moment that you’re right. You need me to gain access to an impregnable fortress, in order to steal an item of clothing that’s very important to you, but which somehow has the potential to damage your reputation. I’m going to need some more details on this eventually. But let’s leave that for a moment, and tell me how all of this is related to the Thornevale Pee Games”.

“Quite so. Well, you said you’d heard of the festival, but since you’ve never been to Thornevale, you can’t really know much about it. Again, I’ve lived there, and believe me, there’s no substitute for actually experiencing it.”

Just the slightest of coughs escaped Julia, who stood stiffly at attention behind Lady Fairweather’s right shoulder. Almost too stiffly? But the Lady did not give any indication she’d heard.

“The festival lasts for three days. There’s all kinds of games and competitions, both for the common folk and the nobility. Holding contests, precision peeing, that sort of thing, as I’m sure you’ve heard. Some of them are organised by the merchants of the town, but the bigger, more elaborate events are sponsored by the town council. The whole town participates – well, all the women that is; the men really don’t have much to do with it, other than watch. Ah, but watch they do, and few more so than Lord Fairweather. He’s not the only nobleman who hosts his own little parties, in the evenings after the main events have finished, but our mansion – excuse me, his mansion, has a reputation even in Thornevale. That’s where you come in.”

“Excuse me?”, Hannah said.

“No, I mean, that’s literally where you come in. That’s the way you’re going to gain access to the mansion.” Lady Fairweather seemed surprised that Hannah hadn’t followed what was, apparently, a completely logical connection.

“I’m not sure I follow”, Hannah said.

“Well, dear, it’s really quite simple. In three weeks time, you will go to Thornevale. You will participate in the festival, making sure you are seen to win all the competitions you enter. You will catch Lord Fairweather’s eye, and get yourself invited to one of his little parties. That will get you into the mansion, and then you can retrieve my item.”

Lady Fairweather smiled, and took another sip of her tea. Hannah sat back, baffled. Suddenly, another wave of pressure hit her bladder, and she fought to keep her face blank even as she squeezed her thighs together, waiting for it to subside.

“As I said, it’s an unusual job. However, I’m sure you’ll see why I came to you. Whoever performs this service for me needs to have three very specific qualities. Firstly, they need to be an excellent burglar, obviously. Secondly, they need to be female, and pretty enough to merit Lord Fairweather’s consideration. Which, to be honest, does not put the bar as high as you might think – but please don’t take that personally. You’re quite comely, although your presentation leaves some room for improvement. Ah, and thirdly: they need to have excellent bladder control. Which, if I’ve judged your reputation correctly, you have. Lying under that bed for an entire evening and night without peeing? An impressive feat even in Thornevale.”

“Evening, night, and most of the following morning”, Hannah said. If they were going to bring that up, they should at least do right by her achievement. “You would not believe the relief I felt when that man finally left.” The very thought of it made her shudder. She pressed her thighs together tightly. From the corner of her eye, she thought she saw just the briefest flash of Julia doing the same, shifting her weight even as she stood behind her Lady’s chair.

“I’m sure I can imagine. I used to live in Thornevale, remember?”, Lady Fairweather answered with a smile. “But I agree, it was most impressive. That, and your present endurance.”

“My what now?”

“Well, dear, you didn’t really think I’d keep you waiting for two hours by accident, did you?”

Hannah stared at her.

“Well, obviously I couldn’t rely on hearsay alone. You might be good, but to enter the Thornevale festival, and then to win at the competitions, you need to be good. Drinking-tea-for-two-hours-and-then-having-a-business-meeting good. Listening-to-me-talk-about-a-pee-festival-without-so-much-as-a-squirm good.”

“You set me up?”, Hannah asked.

“Oh, don’t be upset. Consider it part of the application process. Julia brought a dry set clothes for you in her purse, should you have failed to meet my expectations.”

Julia smiled. Hanah shifted in her seat, trying to find a position that allowed her to press her crotch into the seat a bit more. Julia shifted to her other leg again.

“Now, I think that’s all. You know the job, or at least as much of it as you need to know at this point. You know why you are the only one who could pull it off. So, Lady Hannah, will you take me on as a client?”

Hannah leaned back in her chair, breathing slowly. This was indeed an unusual job. Normally, she would have liked to ask for some more details first, get an idea of the effort it would take her, so that she could adjust her fee accordingly. But she was finding it increasingly hard to focus; despite Lady Fairweather’s compliments about her “endurance”, she was really bursting now. Damn Julia and her silent tea-pouring skills. And her shapely figure. And her fidgeting?

“Ah, but where are my manners?”, Lady Fairweather said smilingly. “You really must be quite full now. No sense in being uncomfortable for no reason. Please, pee.”

“Beg you pardon?”, Hannah said.

“Come on, dear. I know this town is a bit more modest than Thornevale, but even here you have squatting seats on the walls of the Barrelmaker’s Bridge, correct? Surely you can’t be that prude about a simple pee.”

True, Hannah thought. She knew that people in other parts of the world tended to view peeing as a private affair, preferring to do their business by themselves. Here in town though, people prided themselves on their openness, and she generally felt quite at ease hiking up her skirts and sitting down over one of the holes in the bridge wall, chatting happily with the girls next to her as they pissed into the canal. However, squatting over a bowl in next to a client was a step further. Even if that client’s handmaiden had a butt that managed to shout out its softness and roundness even from below her plain grey dress.

“Here, we’ll make it easier for you. You’ll have to practise anyway, if you’re going to Thornevale. Julia, would you be so kind?”

Julia smiled as she turned around and retrieved a large glass bowl from a cupboard. Without so much as blinking, she hiked up her skirts, pulled her underwear to the side, and squatted over the bowl. Hardly a second passed before a strong stream jetted out from between her lips, splashing into the bowl.

“Julia is Thornevale born and bred”, Lady Fairweather said over the sound Julia’s pee. “She has won several of the official competitions over the last few years. Of course, Lord Fairweather would recognise her immediately, otherwise she’d have been perfect for the job.”

Julia smiled at Hannah as she peed. “Endurance, volume, precision – I’ve got bronze and silver in all of them. Never gold, though.”

The sound of Julia’s stream, splattering loudly into the slowly rising pool of pee in the bowl, was wreaking havoc in Hannah’s bladder. Fuck it, she thought to herself, surely they can’t be put off by this now. She jammed a hand between her legs.

“Julia, I think Lady Hannah would like to go now. Could you please clamp it off?”

“Yes, milady.” Julia smiled, then frowned a little. Her stream sputtered, then stopped completely. Hannah stared; she knew from experience how hard that sort of an interruption was, and yet Julia pulled it off without a sweat.

Julia slid her underwear back in place, then stood up and smoothened her skirts. She stepped aside and gestured at the bowl. “Go ahead, milady”.

“Don’t you still have to go?”, Hannah asked, still squeezing her crotch.

“Oh, I’ll be fine. You go and have some fun now”, Julia said with a smile.

Hannah hesitated for a second. Then she stood up, stepped over to the bowl, lowered her pants and underwear in one smooth motion, and squatted. Her stream started almost before she had completely lowered herself down, splashing in the pool of pee that Julia had already created. The sound echoed around the room, the splashback kissing her bare cheeks as her pee jetted out of her.

It was nearly a minute before her stream finally slowed to a trickle, then stopped completely. A few stray drops clung to her as she sighed softly, then took a deep breath and looked up at the her prospective client.

“Lady Fairweather, I’ll take the job.”

*001*2025-11-15 07:30

The Thornevale Job – Part II

Hannah hurried through the rain, trying to hold her rather large purse in one hand and keep her cloak wrapped over her head with the other. A spring rain like this wouldn’t normally bother her, but she’d picked out a rather nice set of clothes today and she didn’t want them to get wet. Or, well…

It had been two days since she accepted the job from Lady Fairweather. And two days since one of the best pisses she’d had in a long time. She’d forgotten how much fun that could be. The lady claimed she’d duped Hannah into holding her pee then as a test, to estimate if she’d have the holding capacity needed to succeed in the games of the Thornevale festival – but part of Hannah wondered if she’d also done it to get Hannah in the right state of mind before pitching the job. While not everyone enjoyed a full bladder or a good piss the same way, it was quite a common thing – though not as much as in Thornevale, if the lady was to be believed.

Well, the lady and Julia.

The lady’s handmaiden had put on quite the display two days ago. She hadn’t looked desperate, just the slightest hint of tension in her posture. Yet when the lady had called on her, she’d squatted over the bowl and released an impressive stream. Then, well before it had started to slow down, the lady had asked her to stop and make room for Hannah, and Julia had done so without any obvious effort, even though Hannah knew how difficult stopping a stream like that was. So when Lady Fairweather had instructed Julia to help Hannah with her preparations, Hannah had gladly agreed. Although she had practised holding her pee by herself on occasion, she could plainly see Julia was much more skilled, and Hannah was eager to learn from her. The fact that Julia was very easy on the eyes was, of course, a nice bonus.

And so Hannah found herself hurrying down the street in the light spring rain, heading for a little tea room where Julia had agreed to meet her. She’d reserved the back room for the entire afternoon, something that Hannah would never have considered herself. Clearly the Lady Fairweather’s purse was well-filled – that, or she was expecting a royal settlement from her soon-to-be ex-husband, when the divorce would be finalised. Hannah was going to pry the handmaiden for some more gossip in that regard. Not just because she was nosy (although she wouldn’t blush to admit being so), but also because it could be relevant for the job. Any details about her target could be valuable.

Walking briskly along the street, she could already feel the first hints of pressure in her bladder. She’d peed after getting up in the morning. That was it. The sessions she was to have with Julia over the coming weeks were meant to train her for the Pee Games – pardon, for the Thornevale Annual Celebration Of A Woman’s Full Bladder And The Emptying Thereof – and she would take it as seriously as any other job. Patience, prudence, and dedication. If that meant spending long hours with a full bladder, then that’s what she would do. And if it meant sharing some glorious pisses with Julia the handsome handmaiden, so much the better.

She rounded one more corner, entering the street where the tea room was. Inside, she asked the lady behind the counter for Julia; the lady gestured to a door, which Hannah opened to find herself in a narrow corridor. “Back room’s at the end!”, the lady yelled. Hannay walked down the corridor, and opened the door to the back room, finding Julia already there.

“Lady Hannah!”, the handmaiden said, smiling.

“Forget about the Lady”, Hannah said, “I’m just Hannah”.

“If you insist, mil-, sorry, Hannah. Though I hardly reckon you’re ‘just’ anyone. Lady Fairweather was quite impressed, you know. Not just with your professional resume, but also with the capacity you showed during that meeting. A piss with a capital pee, as we’d say in Thornevale.”

Hannah blushed a little. “Thanks.”

Julia smiled. “I’m sorry, did I embarrass you there? In Thornevale, it’s not as taboo to talk about pee as it is here, I think – I haven’t lived here long yet. I moved here with the Lady a few months ago.”

“No, no, that’s alright”, Hannah said. “I wouldn’t say it’s taboo; from what I gather we’re still much more at ease with those things round here than in other parts of the world. No, it’s just that, of all my various skills, I’d not expected to be complimented for my peeing.” Hannah shrugged out of her rain-sodden cloak as she talked, hanging it over a peg on the wall.

“Oh, well, then you’d better work on taking such compliments in stride! Otherwise you won’t make it far at the Festival. I know the official name sounds a bit, well, official, but it really captures the spirit of the whole event quite well. ‘The enjoyment of a woman’s full bladder and the emptying thereof’. So, you see, there’s joy in holding your pee, but also in letting it go. And there’s joy in watching someone else do so, marvelling at their skill.”

“You certainly make it sound enjoyable”, Hannah said, sitting down in a comfortable armchair across from Julia. A small table next to them was set with a big teapot, cups and saucers, and a place of delicious-smelling cookies.

“Ah, and that’s exactly what the Lady asked me to help you with: how to enjoy it. Otherwise you’ll never make it through the competitions.”

“What do you mean? I don’t have to enjoy something to be good at it.”

“Ah, but pee-holding is different”, Julia said with a smile, as she poured Hannah a cup of tea. “The sphincter isn’t a muscle you can train. I’m not actually sure why – I once held with a medical girl, I think she said it has something to do with the type of muscle tissue. Anyhow, it just doesn’t work like that. Holding your pee isn’t about fighting your body – your body will always win that contest.”

She handed Hannah the steaming cup.

“The trick is to work with your body. Focus on the good parts of a full bladder. That nice tingle, the warmth. The anticipation. The pressure of your hand in your crotch.” Hannah blinked, but Julia didn’t seem to think she was saying anything out of the ordinary. She took a sip of her tea, gesturing Hannah to do the same. “Come on, drink up. I don’t what to sit here just lecturing you all afternoon. We have to get practical.”

“Yeah, about that”, Hannah said. “I sort of… came prepared. I haven’t peed for a couple of hours now.”

“Oh, that’s great! Then we can get started straight away. Tell me, where are you at? What exactly are you feeling right now?” Julia look at Hannah curiously.

“Well. Ehm. I feel like I have to pee.”

Julia giggled. “No, that’s how your brain summarises all the different feelings. Try and look past that. Close your eyes for a bit if it helps, and listen to your body. What does it say?”

Feeling a little out of her depth, Hannah did as she was told. Eyes closed, she turned her attention inward.

“Okay… Well, my bladder is definitely making itself known.”

“Good! And how exactly does it do that? Does it tingle? Does it push?”, Julia asked.

“Tingle, mostly. Sometimes when I have to go really badly, it will start to push, but I don’t feel that right now.”

“Good, good. Okay, I want you to really focus on that tingling sensation.”

Hannah breathed slowly, trying to do as Julia said.

“Is it constant, or does it come and go?”

Hannah concentrated.

“It’s constant, I think.”

“Okay, that’s good. Now, I want you to try and point out with your fingers exactly where it’s located in your body. Take as long as you need.”

That was trickier. Initially, she’d just felt it in her bladder, but now that she concentrated on it, the feeling seemed to come from multiple places at once. She moved her hands over abdomen, trying to pinpoint it, but it was like one of those itches that seem to move around as soon as you try to scratch them.

“It’s tricky, isn’t it?”, Julia said. “For me, it sometimes moves around a bit, but I can’t really define where it’s coming from.”

Hannah nodded.

“And would you say it’s an uncomfortable tingle?”

Hannah thought for a second.

“No, not really. It’s warm, and… fuzzy? I suppose it will get uncomfortable soon enough though.”

“We’ll worry about that later. For now, I want you to listen if there’s anything else your body is telling you.”

Hannah concentrated again. Having focused on her bladder so intensely just now, she found it difficult to make out other sensations. But after a few slow breaths, the tingling faded into the background a bit, and she started to notice something else.

“Well…”

“Yes?”, Julia said gently.

“I do feel something… in… you know…”

“Ah, yes. There.”

“Yes.”

They were quiet for a moment.

“Do you want to hear something fun?”, Julia said with a smile.

“Go on”, Hannah said.

“The first time I joined a holding contest, when I reached my limit and wet myself, I actually came.”

“No way.”

“No, really”, Julia said. “I’d been looking forward to it all day. It was an unofficial contest, one where everyone starts out already bursting so it doesn’t take too long. More for show than anything else, really, but what did I know. Anyway, I’d drank maybe four cups of tea beforehand, getting myself nice and full, so by the time I joined the queue to sign up, I was bouncing around with one hand between my legs.”

“Dear gods…”, Hannah giggled. “I’m trying to imagine the sight.”

“Oh, I was far from the only one. That’s the point of the contest, remember. Anyway, I walked up to the table, flashed my panties for the wetness check, and-”

“The what now?”

“The wetness check”, Julia said happily. “It’s mandatory for a lot of the contests, to make sure you all start from the same position.”

“Seems fair”, Hannah said drily. They both sipped their tea.

“Anyway, I signed up, and they moved us, the contestants, to this little makeshift room in the back of the tavern, next to the stage. Some of the women were chatting, some were just standing there, too focused on not peeing themselves to notice much of what was going on.”

“And you?”, Hannah asked.

“Well, I was pretty bursting already, like I said, but I was also having a good time. So I talked a bit with two of the other contestants. It was only a minute or two, I think, before they called us onto the stage to begin the contest.”

“How does that go, exactly?”, Hannah asked. “Do you just stand around waiting for the first one to pee themselves?”

“Not really”, Julia answered. “For the official contests, it does sometimes boil down to that, although they usually make sure there’s some other things going on to entertain the crowd while they wait. But like I said, these smaller things are more for show. That’s why they start with all the contestants already full. It’s not really fair, you can’t know how long everyone’s been holding or how much they’ve drank, but it means things get interesting a lot faster.”

“Interesting, huh?”

“Definitely. And even then, they sometimes feel they need to speed things up a bit. So they have the contestants do challenges, you know; jumping up and down, standing with your legs apart and your hands above your head, pouring pitchers of water in front of them, that sort of thing. Or if they can afford it, they bring in a Daremaid.”

“A what?”, Hannah asked.

“A who, not a what. A member of the Ancient and Honourable Guild of Full-Bladdered Ladies. Or, in short, the Daremaid’s Guild. You could say they are the professional staff of the festival. But never mind that, I’ll explain that later.”

“Sure”, Hannah said. This was turning out to be more complicated than she’d thought. The way she’d hear people talk about it, the Thornvale Pee Games were like a country fair, but with a lot of women wetting themselves for fun. She hadn’t expected it to be so elaborate.

“Anyway. We were called onto the stage. I could hardly make it up the steps, I was squeezing myself so hard. The landlady of the hosting tavern announced the contest, but she’d barely finished speaking when I lost it. All of it, all at once. Which is odd, because usually I’m more of a leaker. But this time I just let everything out all at once. Huge gush. The relief was indescribable. I think I may have moaned a little. And I came. On stage, surrounded by bursting women, in front of a cheering crowd.”

Julia giggled at the memory. Hannah couldn’t help but laugh along with her, feeling her bladder twinge in sympathy.

“Of course, it was my first time at a contest, so I hadn’t really thought to dress accordingly. I was wearing a long skirt with panties underneath. Those got soaked, of course, but after that the pee just went down my legs, so nothing showed on my skirt. There was a huge puddle around my foot, of course, but my clothes were pretty much dry on the outside.”

“Sorry, did you just say you did not dress accordingly? But you just said your skirt wasn’t wet”, Hannah asked, confused.

“Yes, that’s what I mean. The whole point of joining in a contest like that is to give people a good show. You go to watch women hold their pee and wet themselves, you want to actually see them wet themselves. It’s no fun if you can’t see anything.”

Hannah took a second to process this. It made sense, in a way, she mused to herself as she finished her cup of tea. As she leaned forward to place her empty cup on the table, and grab herself a cookie, she suddenly felt a twinge in her bladder. Stronger than before, and much more noticeable. She squeezed her thighs together for a second. Julia looked at her and smiled.

“That tea is quite fast, isn’t it?”

“Fast? I don’t- ah, wait, I see what you mean.”

“Yes, I picked out a nice herbal tea for us. The right blend will go through you like a summer rain, and you can keep drinking it all day without feeling bloated.”

“How thoughtful of you”, Hannah quipped.

“Anyway. I sidetracked us a bit with that anecdote, but we were working on something just now. Do you think you could continue with that exercise?”, Julia asked.

Hannah nodded, closing her eyes again and leaning back in her chair. She breathed slowly.

“Ah yes. The reason I brought up that story, is to show that it’s quite common for a full bladder to feel arousing. I mean, that’s what most of the Festival relies upon, really. So if you say you feel something in your intimate area, that’s perfectly fine.”

Hannah swallowed.

“Maybe you’d like to hear what I feel first, and then see if you recognise any of that?”

Hannah hesitated, but then nodded. When Julia didn’t answer, Hannah remembered that she probably had her eyes closed too. “Yeah, okay.”

“Alright. I don’t think I’ve been holding it for as long as you have, but I did have two cups of that herbal tea before you arrived. Based on what you told me earlier, I think my bladder is in a similar state to yours right now. So, in my crotch, I can feel my lips are starting to get more sensitive. Right now, that’s mostly anticipation. My bladder feels good, nice and warm, and I know it’s going to get better. But it’s not full or heavy enough to press down yet.”

Hannah nodded. “Yeah, I think I recognise that. There isn’t anything really stimulating yet, but I’m more sensitive. More aware.”

“Yes, exactly”, Julia said. “It gets more intense the fuller your bladder gets. Eventually, it will swell so much that it starts to push against your clit from the inside. That’s when it gets really fun.”

Hannah swallowed again.

“I don’t think we’re there just yet.”, Julia said. “But I did just see you squeeze a little when you put that cup back, didn’t you? How is it feeling now, compared to when you explored it before?”

Hannah concentrated.

“It’s… definitely fuller now. The tingling is still there, but now it’s on top of a pressure. It’s slowly pushing out. And down. Not as intense as the other day, but it’s not something I can ignore anymore.”

“Good, good. And that pressure, is it constant? Or does it come and go?”

“It… comes and goes, a bit. It never goes away completely, but it definitely varies.”

“It does, doesn’t it? You’ll probably have noticed the other day that it’s those waves of pressure that become steadily stronger. That’s what we’re going to focus on: how to ride those waves. Not to push back against them – that will just tire you out, and besides, it’s no fun. No, the trick is to just lean into them, to feel the sensation behind the discomfort.”

“You make it sound almost poetic”, Hannah mused.

“Well, like I said, it’s about enjoyment. Lots more people enjoy a full bladder than you think; Thornevale people are just a bit more open about it.”

Julia sat up straight and poured them both another cup of tea.

“Alright, let’s add some more fuel to the fire. We’ve got a lot of ground to cover in the next three weeks.”

Hannah looked at her bemused as she took a sip.

“What do you mean? What more did you have in mind than just filling my bladder and watching me squirm?” Not that I mind you watching me...

“Oh, loads more. Remember the name of the festival: ‘the enjoyment of a woman’s full bladder and the emptying thereof’. It’s not just about holding, it’s about peeing and wetting too. Particularly for you, because your goal is not just to enjoy the festival, but specifically to get yourself noticed by Lord Fairweather. That means you’ll have to learn to put on a show.”

“I see”, Hannah said.

“So, here’s what I’d thought of so far. The problem is that, if you drink a few cups of tea, you can practise your holding for a few hours, but you can practise your wetting only once, all the way at the end. That’s no good; too much to learn in too little time. We need to get you to wet more often. So here’s my idea: you start by learning how to stop your stream mid-pee.”

“Like you did the other day.”

“Exactly! I’m not too modest to say that I’m quite good at that little trick. It’s not as easy as it looks though, so be prepared.”

“Oh, trust me, I know that.” Hannah smiled ruefully.

“You’ve done it before?”, Julia asked. They both sipped their tea again.

“Well… attempted might be a better word. I was on a job, retrieving something from this merchant’s mansion. I’d already got the item, but it was the middle of the night and he had two guards, one at the door and one doing his rounds, so I hid in a cupboard in the kitchen, waiting to slip out with the delivery boys in the morning. The problem was, I had to pee. Badly. And I was stuck in a cupboard. Poor planning on my part, and not a mistake I’ve made again since.”

“Oh, that sounds intense. What did you do?”, Julia asked.

“Well, this cupboard was mostly empty, except for a few odd pots and pans. I figured I had just about enough room in there to manoeuvre myself out of my tights and panties and squat over one of the pans, but if the guard passed by on his rounds, he’d definitely hear the splash. So I waited until he’d just passed, figuring I’d have plenty of time to pee before he’d come back.”

“But you didn’t?”, Julia asked, smiling. They both took a sip from their tea. Hannah squeezed her thighs together; the tea and their rather specifically-themed conversation were starting to get to her.

“You guessed it. I should have stripped before; now I had to do that and pee in the same interval. That didn’t work out, so I was still pissing full-force when I saw him come round the corner again through the keyhole. I knew he’d be able to hear me any second, so I tried to clamp it off. Which did not work at all. It just kept coming. I squeezed my hand in there, trying to stem the flow, but it just kept pouring between my fingers.”

“Oh, no!”, Julia giggled.

“Oh, yes. I ended up stuffing my panties into the pan to mute the splash. That guard walked right by the cupboard, I was still peeing like a faucet, and he didn’t so much as blink.”

Julia laughed out loud at that. “Oh, I would have loved to see that!”

“So anyway”, Hannah said as she crossed her legs, “I’m not sure how good of a student I’ll turn out to be.”

“Oh, don’t you worry”, Julia said, smiling. “There are definitely some tricks to it that I can teach you. The obvious one is not to wait until you’re absolutely bursting. And preferably not to try it while being stuck in a cupboard.”

Hannah smiled at that.

“No”, Julia said, “we’ll start small, then work our way up. In fact, I think now is as good a time as any.”

“Excuse me?”, Hannah said.

“Well, your bladder is filling up nicely, you’re starting to feel the pressure, but you’re not desperate yet. That’s the perfect place to start practising. Enough of an urge to make it interesting, but it’s still easy enough to stop.”

“What if I can’t?”

“Then you can’t, and you just pee. Don’t worry, that happens. In fact, I’d be highly surprised if it didn’t happen at least two or three times in the next three weeks.”

“Encouraging words”, Hannah remarked.

“Oh, you’ll be fine. Now, shall we have a go?”

“Ehm…” Hannah looked around, unsure. “Here?”

“Yes, of course. I’ve brought a few bowls for us to use.” Julia point to a stack of medium-sized glass bowls on the floor, in the corner of the room. “Tell you what, I’ll go first.”

“To show me how it’s done?”, Hannah asked with a sly grin.

“Well, like I said, I’m not so modest as to deny that I’m really good at this.”

Julia stood up from her chair, squeezing her thighs together. “Oof, that’s four cups of herbal tea. I think I might be slightly ahead of you now.” Her hand moved between her legs, squeezing her crotch for a second. “Never fear, I’ll be fine.”

Hannah looked in wonder as Julia walked over to the stack of bowls, her hand still between her legs, and took the topmost one from the stack. She placed it on the floor in front of her, then picked it up again, wincing slightly as she bent over.

“Yes, four cups is definitely nice. But squatting on the floor won’t do, you won’t be able to see a thing.”

She placed the bowl on the large dining table.

“You can’t seriously…”, Hannah began.

“Well, how else are you going to watch and learn?”, Julia said as she stepped out of her shoes and undid her belt. Her trousers dropped down on the floor, followed by her underwear. Naked from the waist down, she climbed on top of the dinner table and squatted over the bowl.

“Note the angle of my hips. You may have learned to lean back a bit, so your stream is aimed away from your shoes. That’s sensible if you’re squatting in a field or a forest, but when you’re peeing into a bowl, it will splash a lot. Sit up straight and tilt your hips forward, and the stream goes straight down. Less splashback.”

Hannah nodded. She’d forgotten all about her own need, the pressure in her bladder fading into the background as she stared at Julia. If ever there was a pussy begging for a kiss...

“Now, remember that peeing is nothing more than relaxing your sphincter. You don’t need to push anything out; gravity and the weight of your other organs on top of your bladder will do that for you. All you have to do is relax. If you can do it like that, then stopping the flow is nothing more than flexing the same muscle you just relaxed. Like this.”

And, with the smallest of sighs, Julia started to pee. A clear stream flowed out from between her lips, slightly spread by her squatting posture, and into the bowl. Straight down, just as she had predicted.

“Okay, three, four, five… enough.”

And, just like that, she stopped. A small frown briefly appeared on her brow.

“Stopping itself is not the hardest part, actually”, she said as she climbed down from the table. “It’s the seconds right after you stop. Just when your bladder thinks to itself, ‘hey, this is nice, we’re finally peeing!’, you stop it right in its tracks. It doesn’t like that, and for a few seconds, it will protest. The pressure spikes, and the tingle is just… amazing. Really intense, but really nice too.”

She picked up her panties from the floor and pulled them up, briefly squeezing her thighs together when she got them into place.

“Right, your turn.”

Hannah swallowed. Feeling slightly nervous, she kicked off her shoes and wiggled out of her pants. Her panties followed. She pressed her thighs together once more, then climbed on the table, squatting over the bowl.

“Huh. That feels… odd.”

“What does?”, Julia asked.

“This posture. It feels like it focuses the pressure. Before, it was this diffuse kind of feeling all around my bladder, but now it’s more concentrated in my crotch.”

“That’s gravity for you. That, and anticipation. Your body expects release.”

Hannah frowned.

“Okay, you can sit up a little straighter still. If you do it right, you shouldn’t actually be able to see your own stream anymore. That might feel weird at first, but trust me, your aim will be perfect.”

Hannah did as Julia said.

“Alright, go ahead. Don’t force anything, just relax. Take as long as you need.”

Hannah slowed her breath and closed her eyes. She wasn’t normally pee shy; hadn’t she performed one of the best pisses of her life only two days past, squatting over a bowl just like this one in front of two complete strangers? No, it was the anticipation of having to stop that was throwing her off. Still, that was her job right now. Dedication.

Nothing happened for a while. Then, a small trickle. Panicking at the idea that she’d let it all out at once, she immediately clenched everything, closing her legs until her knees met. Her balance wavered, and she quickly put a hand down on the table to steady herself. She briefly imagined that she would put her hand right into the bowl full of Julia’s pee, slip, and fall right off the table, half-naked and covered in pee. The ridiculous mental image made her laugh out loud.

Julia smiled. “Don’t worry, you’re doing fine. Don’t force it. Take your time, let the flow start on its own. You don’t need to stop it just yet, just get a nice stream going first.”

Hannah spread her legs again and sat up straight. She tried to imagine she was just having a regular everyday pee, sitting on the wall of the Barrelmaker’s Bridge, enjoying the sunshine and the cool breeze against her ass. She breathed out, relaxed, and started.

“Good, that’s lovely!”, Julia exclaimed, smiling as she looked right at Hannah’s exposed, peeing crotch. “Alright, give your body a few seconds to get used to the idea… and then, you’re going to flex your sphincter again. No need to clench overmuch, the pressure is actually less than before so it doesn’t require a lot of force. Alright… go!”

Hannah clenched.

Her stream stopped.

The pressure in her bladder spiked. Not as much as she had feared, but it was still intense. Her entire crotch felt tingly, and she felt goosebumps cover her arms. She held her breath for a moment, before slowly exhaling.

“Oofff…”

“Well done!”, Julia said happily. “Not a single drop spilled!”

“That was actually not as hard as I expected”, Hannah said as she climbed down from the table.

“Well, your bladder wasn’t that full yet. It gets more difficult the more you have to go. Still, you did very well”, Julia said as Hannah picked her panties up from the floor and put them back on.

“Thanks”, Hannah said. “And… you were right about the tingle.”

“Ohh yes, it’s amazing isn’t it?”, Julia beamed. “Sometimes during the day when I go to a loo, I’ll stop the pee a few times, just to enjoy that feeling.”

Hannah put her pants back on. “No wonder you’ve got so good at it then”. The two of them sat back in their armchairs. Julia poured them both a cup of tea.

“Well, it’s like I said: you have to work with your body. Focus on the good bits, learn to really lean into it, and your body will follow.”

“So what’s next?”, Hannah asked, taking a sip from her tea.

“Well, it depends. How do you feel? I don’t think you peed very much just now, so I imagine it feels rather similar to before, right?”

Hannah was silent for a second, focusing on her bladder again. “It does, yes. That wave of pressure just after I stopped was intense, but now it feels almost the same as before. Maybe just a little heavier.”

“Good, good. Well, then I think we can do one more exercise. After that, I have some errands to run for Lady Fairweather”, Julia said.

“What did you have in mind?”

“Well, like I said, we have plenty of time to practise your holding, but it’s the wetting we should worry about more. So I think we should start with that right away.”

Hannah smiled. She had been looking forward to this.

“Will you give a demo first? You know, to make sure I know exactly what to do?”

Julia smiled slyly.

“Oh, well, I wasn’t really planning on it. But since it’s such an important part of your job, and your success would mean so much to my Lady, I guess it’s my teacherly duty.” Both of them giggled at that.

“You did bring dry clothes, right?”, Julia asked.

“Yes, of course.”

“Can I see? Only, the pants you’re wearing right now are maybe not the best choice.”

Hannah frowned. “I thought black wouldn’t show the wetness so much.”

“Exactly.”

Ah, yes. Peeing yourself for show. Thornevale was a weird place – though it was definitely growing on Hannah.

She grabbed her purse and retrieved a pair of plain blue denim pants, and some grey cotton panties.

“Oh, that’s perfect!”, Julia exclaimed. “We’re actually spoilt for choice now. Grey cotton, blue denim… You’d be drawing eyes before you released a drop.” She was quiet for a second. “Let’s go with the denim first. Wetting yourself in that feels fantastic, it will help you to get in the whole ‘work with your body’ thing.”

Julie got up and retrieved a large handbag from behind the couch. She rummaged through it for a second before pulling out a pair of denim pants almost identical to Hannah’s.

“I’ve got almost the same ones. I brought a spare too, I was planning for you to use those, but your own probably fir you better.”

They both wriggled out of their pants and into the denim. Julia’s were a shade tighter, accentuating the curve of her ass., as Hannah could not help but notice.

“Yeah, I know. It’s a little bit overdone, but for a display wetting, you can’t really beat a good tight denim. The less space there is between the fabric and your skin, the more the pee will be forced sideways, so the wet patch will follow the curve of your bottom.”

Hannah tried not to stare too much.

Julia smiled. “Alright. If you could just sit down over there by the table, so you have the light from behind you. That way my wet patch won’t glisten if you look at it directly.”

Of course, those details were crucial, Hannah thought as she sat down.

Julia stood in front of her. “Denim is very versatile for wetting. You can stand up, sit down, squat, have your legs apart or crossed, hands in your crotch or by your side… pretty much do whatever you want, and it will look good. The trick is to make it look great.”

“No effort needed there, you’ve already nailed it”, Hannah thought to herself as she nodded thoughtfully.

“My favourite is to have my back to the crowd, thighs together, and bent slightly forward. The classic ‘bursting woman’ pose. My pee will be aimed slightly to the back, and the press of my thighs will force it upwards, around the base of my cheeks and up the split.”

Hannah swallowed as Julia took the position she just described.

And let go.

There was an audible hiss as Julia, standing perfectly still, peed her pants.

Hannah stared, transfixed.

The dark patch bloomed at the bottom of Julia’s ass, growing sideways and upwards within seconds, just as she had predicted. Then it flowed down, a perfectly symmetrical waterfall down the inside of her thighs, which were still pressed together.

Hannah watched as the wetness reached Julia’s ankles, and small rivulets of pee formed at the hem of her trouser legs, feeding a growing puddle around her bare feet.

“Let me just finish up here, than I’ll show you the front”, Julia said, completely unabashed.

The hiss had already subsided, but the glint of the fabric beneath her ass showed she was still peeing. She stood still for another ten seconds or so, then sighed contentedly. “There, done.”

She straightened her back and turned around. The front of her pants was not nearly as wet as the back; a small wet patch was visible over her crotch, small enough to escape the notice of anyone who wasn’t looking for it.

“See? Almost all of it went down the back.” Julia smiled as she pressed her legs together again. “Stand like this, and you’d hardly think I peed at all.”

Hannah tried to find her voice again. She was sure she hadn’t leaked, she didn’t have to go anywhere near badly enough for that, but somehow she still felt wet.

“That was… impressive.”

“Oh, it’s easy enough if you know what you’re doing. Now, let’s see you have a go.”

Hannah got up, and Julia took her seat, ignoring the soft squelching sound as she sat down.

“Alright, let’s see your posture.”

Hannah tried to mimic Julia’s stance.

“A little straighter, you’re bent over too much. Feet a bit further apart, just keep your knees together. Keep your hands by your side for now. You know, we really should go and see a tailor later; a bottom like yours deserves pants made to fit.”

It was a good thing Hannah was facing away from Julia, so she wouldn’t see her blushing furiously.

“Alright, I think you’re good. Go for it!”

Hannah closed her eyes.

Breathed in.

Breathed out.

At first, nothing happened. She could still feel the pressure in her bladder, but it was drowned out by the tingle in her pussy. Did you see Julia just now?, it shouted at her. Wasn’t that the hottest thing we ever saw? And we get to do the same now!

She breathed slowly again, and slowly relaxed.

A tiny trickle. Two or three drops at most, barely enough to even wet her panties.

That’s the stuff!

Then the stream started properly.

She felt it pool in her crotch, kept in check by the squeeze of her thighs. It flowed up the split between her cheeks, hot and wet. She could feel the warmth spreading everywhere, enveloping her pussy, her ass, then flowing down her thighs. Gods, the warmth...

She heard Julia shift behind her and remembered she was being watched. She twitched, but there was no stopping the flow now.

She could feel the front of her pants get wet too. Are my legs tilted wrong? I should ask Julia when I’m done.

Then, much quicker than she’d expected, her stream stopped. She was empty.

She opened her eyes and looked down. Her crotch was soaked, and there were streaks of dark wetness down both her legs. She turned her head and looked down, trying to see the back of her legs.

“There’s a mirror over there”, Julia said.

Hannah stepped in front of it, aware of the squelching sound from her drenched pants, and the splash of her feet in the puddle she and Julia had made.

Julia stepped in next to her. “I think you did very well. Most of it went down the back, see? There’s a little more on the front than what I had though. Maybe you were clenching a bit? You get more spray that way, less of a focused stream.”

They turned about, inspecting their soaked pants from different angles.

“Ah, wait, your pants are not as tight as mine”, Julia said. “That’s probably it, too much space around your bottom. We’ll get you a better fitting pair, you’ll be wetting with the best of us in no time.”

Hannah snorted. “I can’t wait.”

Julia smiled at her. “Alright, I think that’s enough for one day. There’s a small washbasin in the back, you can clean yourself up a bit there. Don’t worry about the bowl or the puddle, I’ve already made arrangements with the landlady.”

“You told her we’d be peeing on the floor?”

“I’ve met her once or twice in Thornevale, at the festival.”

“Of course you have.”

*003*2025-11-17 11:37

The Thornevale Job – Part III

Hannah hurried into the tea room. She waved a greeting at the landlady as she walked past the counter, her steps small and measured. The landlady smiled at her – she knew perfectly well what was going on.

A week had passed since she had accepted Lady Fairweather’s job. She’d met up with Julia three times now, working on her holding and wetting skills. Once, the landlady had entered with a fresh pot of tea just as Julia finished another demonstration for Hannah (something about tilting her pelvis to create a wet patch down just one leg; Hannah hadn’t been listening as intently as she maybe should have). Julia had taken the tray from the landlady, smiling and thanking her happily, seemingly not minding at all that one leg of her pants was soaked down to the ankle.

Today, they didn’t have a long session planned – Julia had a busy day running errands for her Lady, and had not been able to clear more than half an hour for Hannah. They’d agreed Hannah would do the preparation by herself, making sure she’d be nice and full by the time she got to the tea room.

Well, she’d certainly done her best, Hannah thought with a wry smile as she walked down the hall to the back room door. Gods, she was full now. Not bursting, maybe, but definitely very full. She opened the door, finding Julia seated in one of the armchairs doing needlework.

“Hello Hannah! Hold on, let me just secure this thread here… There!”

Julia stood up and gave Hannah a hug. After replacing “Lady Hannah” with “Hannah”, three days of shared peeing had quickly eroded whatever professional distance there still had been between them.

Hannah smiled, even as Julia’s hug put new pressure on her bladder. She squirmed a little.

“Oh, you really came prepared, huh?”, Julia giggled, stepping back and taking a good look at Hannah.

Hannah crossed her legs and grabbed her crotch, not feeling any need to downplay her urge in front of Julia.

“I peed before breakfast. That’s it. I must have had, what, three cups of tea since then?”

“That’s great! How long ago since you felt the first tingle?”, Julia asked.

“An hour or two, I think?”, Hannah said as she undid her coat and hung it over a peg on the wall.

“Impressive!’, Julia said with a smile. “You must be quite full by now.”

Hannah have her a look. “Quite.”

Julia gave her a thoughtful look. “Hmm. I had thought we could work some more on your wetting posture today, but if you’re this full, maybe it’d be better to use the opportunity to practise your fidgeting.”

Hannah looked at her.

“You’re kidding.”

“What do you mean?”, Julia asked.

“Practise my fidgeting? What could there possibly be to practise there?”

Julia smiled. “Oh, come on, you should know by know that I do not jest about peeing. A good squirm isn’t just to help you hold your pee, it’s also part of the show. How else will the crowd know you’re bursting?”

“I sort of thought they’d know from context”, Hannah grumbled, crossing her legs the other way, adjusting the fingers she kept wedged in her crotch.

Julia giggled. “True, but still, you have to give them something to look at. It’s not called a pee dance for nothing; dancing is just an elegant excuse to show off your body, and so is fidgeting.”

Hannah paused to consider that. “Huh.”

“Okay, look at this. The classic ‘bursting woman’ pose.”

Julia stuck both her hands between her legs, and bent forward a little at her knees and pelvis.

“See how it makes my bottom stick out?”, Julia asked, turning a little so she faced away from Hannah.

Hannah looked. “Damn.” She squeezed her thighs a little harder, feeling her hand still wedged between them.

Julia smiled. “Now look what happens when I do the little leg lift.” She bobbed her knee up and down.

Hannah stared as the motion didn’t just make Julia look like she was about to pee herself, but also made her ass wiggle from side to side.

“I don’t think you can see it now, but if you were sitting down, or if I were on a stage, you’d actually be able to see the tips of my fingers from where I’m holding myself”, Julia said happily, looking at Hannah over her shoulder. “That’s a sight that’s pretty much guaranteed to get people’s attention.”

Oh, it’s definitely got mine, Hannah thought.

“Now look at the front”, Julia said, turning back around, taking her hands back out of her crotch.

“Look what happens here when I hold myself”, she said, moving her hands between her legs again.

Hannah tried to keep her expression attentive as she watched the motion squeeze Julia’s breasts between her upper arms.

“And then, to top it off…”, Julia giggled as she bobbed up and down a little from her knees, doing the ‘I’m literally about to burst’ dance. Her boobs bounced merrily between her arms, and Hannah couldn’t help but laugh along with her, grabbing herself tighter as the motion made the pressure in her bladder surge.

“Now you give it a try”, Julia said, stepping aside. “Maybe stand in front of the mirror over there.”

Hannah walked over to the mirror, hand still between her legs.

“Go on”, Julia said with a smile. “Imagine you’re bursting.”

“No need to imagine anything”, Hannah said with a wry smile.

She tried to mimic Julia’s pose. Fitting both hands into her crotch when she was already squeezing her thighs together like that was not easy. She felt hunched over, so she tried to straighten her back, but found she couldn’t reach her crotch properly if she did that. She remembered what Julia had said about bending her knees a little to make her ass stick out. She tried it, but almost lost her balance. She waved her arms around, stepping awkwardly to the side to avoid falling over. She felt more spastic than sexy.

Then an intense wave of pressure hit her bladder. She instinctively grabbed herself again, squeezing hard with her fingers and her thighs to prevent anything from leaking out.

“There you go, much better!”, Julia said, smiling.

Hannah looked in the mirror. The hem of her shirt had got caught between her fingers, pulling the top down as she grabbed herself, exposing a lot more of her cleavage than she usually did. Another warm tingle in her bladder made her bounce her leg, and she giggled when she saw how her boobs jiggled along with the motion.

“It’s really just a matter of letting your body do what it wants to do anyway”, Julia said. “Normally, you’d probably try to suppress all those little movements, afraid that people might see you. If you let go of that, if you just let your body respond to the pressure, you’ll look amazing.”

Hannah turned around a bit, feeling a little smug at how great her ass looked like this. When she bobbed her leg up and down again in response to another tingle, it swayed left to right in a manner she could only describe as ‘seductive’ – a word she’d never expected to use to describe herself.

“Also, you’ve got to remember that real squirming is almost impossible to fake”, Julia said. “Every year, there’s a few women who try. They sign up for a holding contest but they didn’t drink enough beforehand, so they’re hardly feeling it when they’re called on stage. I suppose they don’t want to disappoint the crowd, so they try to bounce a little, maybe do a fake gasp before letting out a sorry little stream. It hardly ever fools the audience – anyone with two eyes will see the difference between being actually bursting, and just pretending.”

Hannah nodded. “Gotcha. Only squirm when I actually have to pee.”

She looked at Julia, her hands still between her legs. “Is there anything else I should practise? Only, I’m kind of in a situation here…” She bobbed her leg up and down.

Julia giggled. “What, you don’t think you can hold it a bit more? How are you supposed to win any contests like that?”

Hannah swallowed. Somehow, she felt that Julia wouldn’t let her go easily this time.

“Maybe it’s time we tried a little challenge. There’ll be plenty of those during the festival, so the sooner you get used to them, the better”, Julia said with a rather worrying smile.

“I’m not sure I like the sound of that.”

“Oh, don’t worry, you’ll be fine. Just try to enjoy yourself.”

Julia paused and thought for a second. “Okay. Remember I mentioned the Ancient and Honourable Guild of Full-Bladdered Ladies during our first session?”

“The Daremaid’s Guild?”, Hannah asked, shifting her weight from foot to foot.

“Exactly. The Daremaids are like the staff of the festival. They judge at contests, they perform the wetness checks, the read out questions for Truth or Pee, that sort of thing. But they also pee on command. Display wettings during official holding contests, when the contestants are still filling up, you know. Or, and I’m pretty sure that’s how they got their nickname, they pee a little in front of a bursting contestant, to try and get them to break.”

Hannah swallowed. “They sound like quite the professionals.”

“Oh, they are. Not just anyone gets into the guild. They have their own contest every year to select new trainees. I think the last one was about half a year ago”, Julia said, undoing her belt.

Oh dear.

Hannah watched as Julia dropped her pants and panties to the floor, and walked over to the cupboard, opening it to retrieve a glass goblet. Gods, that ass… She felt sweaty. Her bladder was pulsing now, the warm tingle having spread throughout her lower body, amplified by the pressure. She could feel it pushing against her urethra, kept in check by the fingers she kept wedged between her thighs.

“Remember, the trick is to lean into the pressure”, Julia said, taking place opposite Hannah. “Once I start peeing, your body will react immediately. Not just to the sound, but also to the suggestion of relief. Move with the pressure, ride the tingle. Squirm like nobody’s watching. Or maybe someone you don’t mind seeing you.”

Julia moved her feet apart a little, opening her thighs. She manoeuvred the goblet right in front of her pussy.

“Alright, here we go.”

Her stream started almost immediately, flowing out from between her lips and straight into the goblet.

Hannah froze.

She closed her eyes. The sound of Julia’s pee splashing into the goblet seemed deafening. Is she aiming her stream on purpose to make it that loud?, Hannah thought as she tried to dig her fingers even deeper. Gods, this was worse than she’d expected. Her bladder seemed to swell by the second. Her leg bobbed up and down, then she stepped in place a bit, bending forward. She opened her eyes and looked up for a second, seeing herself reflected in the mirror. Damn, my boobs look good like this. Then she met the gaze of Julia’s mirror image, who grinned at her as she continued to pee.

Ride the tingle, Hannah thought. She closed her eyes again, trying to focus on that warm sensation, hoping it would drown out the screaming pressure. Her fingers dug deeper still, then started moving, ever so slowly.

Another wave of pressure hit her. Move with it, she thought. She let her body bend over a little more, stepping in place furiously. She opened her eyes again, her gaze pulled by the splashing sound to Julia’s exposed crotch. Gods, that looks hot, Hannah thought, staring at Julia’s peeing pussy. A few stray drops slowly crept down her folds, dripping onto the floor. The goblet was more than half full already.

“Alright, enough”, Julia said. Just like that, her flow stopped.

Hannah stepped in place for a few more seconds. She took a few quick breaths, then one deep one. She slowly exhaled and stood up a little straighter, feeling the pressure subside a little. She’d made it.

“Right then, wetness check!”, Julia said, putting the pee-filled goblet down on the table.

Hannah looked at her. “What’s that now?”

Julia smiled slyly. “Wetness check. At a contest, quite often the game master will call for a check of the contestants’ underwear after the Daremaid’s performance, to see if any of them leaked. Depending on the rules, you can get a penalty for that, or even disqualified if you’ve leaked too much. Usually it’s the Daremaid who performs the check.”

Hannah let out a snort, her hands still grabbing her crotch.

“In a real contest”, Julia said, picking her panties from the floor and pulling them back up, “it’s the Daremaid herself who decides how to do the check: visually, or by touch. But because I’m so nice, and because it’s your first time, I’ll let you choose.”

Hannah hesitated for a second.

She swallowed.

“...touch.”

Julia grinned, stepping in close. Her hand reached down, her fingers brushing over the back of Hannah’s hands, which were still wedged between her thighs.

“Come on, let me past”, Julia said.

“Sorry”, Hannah breathed, slowly moving her hands out of her crotch. Immediately, the pressure in her bladder surged, and she squeezed her thighs together, feeling goosebumps cover her arms.

Julia put her hand on Hannah’s belly, brushing ever so softly over the swell of her bladder. Hannah whimpered softly. Julia’s hand slid down under Hanna’s belt, over the waistband of her panties, over the curve of her mound, until her fingers rested on Hannah’s slit, nothing but the thin cotton of her underwear separating skin from skin.

“Dry”, Julia said, smiling.

And just then, the pressure in Hannah’s bladder surged.

And she leaked.

A sizeable spurt, not enough to have shown up on her pants, but definitely enough for Julia to feel. Hannah could feel it soaking into her panties, a few drops trailing down between her thighs.

“Fuck”, she breathed, squeezing her thighs together.

Julia giggled, pulling her hand back. “Ah, I was hoping that would happen.”

Hannah looked at her, panting, moving her own hands back between her thighs and stepping furiously in place to prevent another leak. “What do you mean?”

“A lot of women leak during the wetness check. Just suffered through a Daremaid’s performance, not allowed to hold their crotch, and then the touch of the Daremaid’s fingers? Quite a few of them lose it completely. It’s part of the fun.” Julia smiled.

Hannah grimaced. “I’m not sure how many more minutes of fun I can take.”

“Don’t worry, we’ll finish up now with another wetting practise. Let’s do a leaker this time.”

“A what now?”

“Instead of releasing everything at once, you do it in spurts. Start with a small leak, then a bigger one, and another one. Never the full flow, just bigger and bigger leaks. It gives you time to change posture in between, and to show off the wet patch as it grows. You know, draw out the performance.”

Hannah nodded. “I’ll give it a try”.

She closed her eyes, focusing on the warmth and the tingling in her bladder and her crotch, the way Julia had taught her. The pressure was intense, kept in check by the force of her fingertips against her sex. She could feel the wetness from her spurt just now, warm and sticky to her skin.

Feeling another wave of pressure starting to build in her bladder, she breathed in slowly, and then moved her fingers away from her crotch. Without their steadying presence, the pressure behind her pee hole skyrocketed, and even though she instinctively squeezed her thighs together tightly, she felt another spurt jet out of her, stronger and longer than before, continuing for two or three seconds before she regained control and managed to stop the flow.

Just as when she practised interrupting her stream a few days before, she immediately felt the pressure surge again, and she shoved her hands back between her legs to prevent the flow from starting again. An intense wave of tingling warmth bloomed in her pussy, spreading out to fill her entire body. She leaned back her head, panting, revelling in the feeling of warm, wet cotton between her fingers and her lips.

“Well done!”, Julia exclaimed. “Take a look in the mirror. You look amazing.”

Hannah took two more deep breaths, then turned to face the mirror. Inspecting her reflection, she could not see any wetness; her crotch was hidden behind her hands.

“It’s mostly on the back”, Julia said, looking at Hannah in the mirror.

Hannah turned around slowly, keeping her hands firmly between her legs. Looking over her shoulder, she saw a sizeable wet patch on her mirror image’s ass, roughly circular in shape, centred in the fold between her thighs.

“See how it didn’t spread out to the sides this time?”, Julia said. “That’s because you let out only a little bit. Try making the next spurt a big bigger, and keep your thighs together like we practised.”

Hannah nodded. “I’m not sure if I’ll be able to stop again, but I’ll do my best.”

“You’ll be fine”, Julia said, smiling at her. “You’re doing great.”

Hannah smiled. Then, without warning, the pressure in her bladder spiked. She bent over, pressing her thighs together with all her might and pushing her hands into the warm wet patch at the seam of her pants, but she felt her control slip. A strong jet of pee hissed into her panties, pooling in the already soaked fabric.

“That’s it!”, Julia said encouragingly, “Keep it going for a few seconds!”

With a deliberate effort, Hannah moved her hands to her sides, letting herself pee unimpeded. She looked in amazement over her shoulder at her mirror image, watching the wet patch expand sideways along the base of her ass, then down the insides of her thighs. Gods, the warmth...

“Okay, that’s enough, clamp it off!”, Julia giggled.

Obliging, Hannah grabbed her crotch again, squeezing her fingers into her slit as hard as she could and squeezing her thighs together. For another second or two, the pee kept flowing out of her; then, she just managed to stop it. Again, the familiar surge of pressure in her bladder; again, the intense tingling warmth, spreading out from her pussy to fill her entire body. Her clit pulsed in time with her bladder, the wetness of her sex mixing with the pee soaking her underwear. Fuck...

“Good job!”, Julia said. “That was great, stopping it like that. It’s harder after a big leak, isn’t it?”

“Much harder”, Hannah panted, stepping in place as she battled through the end of the pressure wave. “That tingle though…”

Julia giggled. “Yes, isn’t it the best feeling? That, and that wet warmth around your sex.”

Hannah bent over a little as her bladder gave one last angry pulse, then subsided a little. She exhaled slowly. “Oof… That was intense.”

“I can imagine”, Julia said. “But look at the result.”

Hannah looked at herself in the mirror again. The wet patch now extended down to her knees. Turning around, she saw how it hugged the curve of her ass, perfectly outlining her cheeks.

“Damn…”

“Amazing, isn’t it?”, Julia said. “Imagine looking like that on stage. A little turn, a little leg bounce to shake your bottom a bit… People would go mad!”

Hannah smiled wryly. “Anything for the audience, huh?”

“Exactly! Now, maybe you can try one more thing for me. When you pee again, try standing up very straight, and keep your thighs just ever so slightly apart. That will direct the flow more to the front. You’re already quite wet in the back, let’s see if we can get the wetness to wrap all the way around your legs.”

Hannah frowned, bobbing her leg up and down. “I don’t think I’ll be able to stop it again in that position.”

“That’s alright, just let it go then. You’ve done great already.”

Hannah smiled – and then it hit her. A massive surge of pressure came out of nowhere, and she felt the flow start again, stronger than before, unstoppable. Her mouth opened in a silent moan.

“Quick, straighten up!”, Julia said. “Back straight, thighs apart.”

It took a few seconds for Julia’s words to register through the haze of overwhelming relief. Hannah did as Julia said, immediately feeling the flow of pee change direction. Now it was the front of her legs growing warm and wet, spreading downward and sideways. She looked in the mirror, facing herself directly, watching as she peed herself.

“Good, good, keep going! Give it a little push!”, Julia said.

Hannah tightened her midriff a little, forcing the pee out even faster. She felt it pool around her pussy, her bladder emptying itself faster than her panties could absorb. It flowed round the hem of the cotton, more to the sides, the wetness in her pants extending even wider. From the front, it was difficult to spot any patches of cloth that were still dry, and she giggled as she realized it now looked more as if she was simply wearing very dark pants, and less as if she had peed herself.

“Yes! You made it, look!”, Julia said enthusiastically. Hannah twisted and looked down at her legs, still peeing. The wetness at the front of her pants had crept all the way around her thigh, joining the patch that was already there at the back. Her legs felt as if she had stepped into a warm pool, completely enveloped in heat and wetness.

She hung her head back a little, closed her eyes, sighed. She kept peeing. Damn, that feels good.

Julia giggled. “Gods, are you still going?”

Hannah grinned, “Almost done, I think. I don’t think I’ve ever peed this much.”

Julia smiled. “Maybe next week we can do a volume test. I think you could do very well there; maybe not record-breaking, but definitely enough to stand a chance in the lower contests.”

Hannah sighed as her stream finally slowed down, then stopped completely. She felt spent; if she laid down now, she could fall asleep and not wake up till breakfast the next day, soaked pants or no.

“That was the most satisfying piss I’ve had all week.”

Julia giggled. “Don’t be too sure of that, the week isn’t over yet.”

At that, Hannah laughed out loud. She was looking forward to it.

*006*2025-11-20 20:12

The Thornevale Job – Part IV

Hannah was peeing herself.

Her eyes closed, she concentrated on the feeling of warm wetness spreading around her lower body. It felt like most of it was going down the back; she could feel how the pee had crept up the split between her cheeks. Good, just as planned. Give it a few more seconds… She straightened up just a little, removing her hands from her crotch and relaxing her thighs. Immediately, she felt the front of her pants start to get wet too.

Lady Fairweather looked on, a hint of a smile tugging at the corners of her lips as she sat in her armchair. Julia stood at attention behind the Lady’s right shoulder, hands clasped behind her back – but she smiled encouragingly at Hannah.

Feeling her knees grow warm as the pee spread down her legs, she tightened her midriff slightly, giving her stream a little extra push. She heard a soft hiss, feeling it pool warmly around her pussy. Gods, that’s got to be one of the best feelings there is… Her toes curled against the cool wooden floor as the heat spread down her thighs.

A week had passed since she had entered Lady Fairweather’s employ. She’d spent several rather enjoyable afternoons with Julia in the back room of the tea house, practicing her skills. How to hold her pee, how to wet different kinds of clothing, how to endure different kinds of challenges that might be thrown at her during the Festival – and most importantly, how to look good while doing it.

Going by the way Julia was smiling at her, Hannah guessed she was looking pretty good right now. Her legs felt warm enough that she hoped she’d managed to get the wetness to go all the way around her thighs, the way she’d practiced with Julia, but she didn’t dare look down to check. “That shows you lack confidence”, Julia had told her. “Always hold your head high when you pee.”

She could feel her stream start to slow down. Keeping her eyes closed, she breathed slowly and deeply as she felt it reduce to a trickle, then stop completely. She remained still, hearing the drip, drip sound as drops of pee dripped from the hem of her trouser legs onto the floor.

Lady Fairweather had told Julia she wanted to see Hannah’s progress. In two weeks, it would be time for the Thornevale Festival For The Enjoyment Of A Woman’s Full Bladder And The Emptying Thereof. By then, she would need to be good enough to stand out from the other contestants, or she’d never get into one of Lord Fairweather’s invitation-only afterparties – which was the only way she’d be able to get into his mansion, and steal Lady Fairweather’s prized possession back from him. The success of the job therefore depended on Hannah developing her peeing skills to prize-winning levels within three weeks, and so it seemed reasonable for Lady Fairweather to be curious to see how she was doing.

Well, she’d had ample opportunity to satisfy her curiosity, Hannah thought as she opened her eyes and looked at her client, still feeling the rushing, tingling sensation of relief radiating out from her crotch.

“Impressive. Turn around, please, my dear, let’s see the back as well.”

Hannah turned in place, her bare feet splashing softly in the puddle on the floor. It was not as big as she’d expected – most of the pee had been absorbed by her pants, she noticed to her satisfaction. Creating as large a wet spot as possible had been her aim, encouraged as she was Julia’s admiration of her bladder’s capacity.

“All the way around the thighs, I see. Did you teach her the trick of straightening halfway through the wetting, Julia?”

“Yes, milady”, Julia answered, still smiling.

“Very good. There’s some details in your posture that could still be polished, and you can definitely work a bit more on presenting your desperation, but still, your overall performance is quite good.”

Hannah turned back around. “Thank you, my Lady. Julia’s instructions have been… very educational.”

“I don’t doubt it”, Lady Fairweather said drily, casting a glance over her shoulder at Julia, who stared straight at the wall, her expression carefully blank.

“One thing that definitely needs some work, however, is your choice of dress. Those pants don’t fit you, my dear. No, don’t look at me like that – I’m sure your figure is lovely. Which is why it requires clothes made to fit it. Wetting your everyday trousers in a rowdy tavern is alright for the merchant’s games, but if you want to get invited to the society’s parties, you need to dress the part.”

Hannah frowned. She owned quite a diverse wardrobe; not just her black, form-fitting burglary suits, but also garb to impersonate all kinds of tradesmen, servants, cleaning maids, cooks aids, delivery girls, and other disguises she’d used for jobs in the past. None of them, however, had been specifically designed to pee in. Never imagined I’d need something like that…

“No matter. Julia, you will accompany Lady Hannah to Thornevale tomorrow. Ask Tymen to prepare the coach. I’m sure, what was her name… that tailor I visited with you…”

“Margaret?”, Julia suggested.

“Ah, yes, Margaret. I’m sure she’ll be able to provide Hannah with some suitable outfits. At least two dresses, maybe three to be safe – one for the day games, one for the evening party, and one spare. And one or two pairs of denim pants. Make sure Margaret measures her bottom. I know she’s perfectly capable of creating the perfect fit if she can be bothered to take the time, but last time she rushed your measurements, and you were barely able to get the wetness halfway up your behind.”

Julia smothered a giggle. “Yes, milady.”

Hannah tried to keep her face straight. A tailor specialising in clothes for wetting? Measuring her bottom? Ah well, if Julia’s watching, I’ll happily stand there and model...

“And some appropriate underwear, of course. I don’t think Margaret does those, but I’m sure you know one or two establishments that cater to this particular niche.”

“Yes, milady”, Julia said. Was that the faintest hint of a blush tinting her cheeks? Oh my, Julia, I saw that! You’re going to tell me all about that tomorrow…

“Very well then. Lady Hannah, thank you for your demonstration. I’ll send for you again somewhere next week. Julia will help you clean up.”

Don’t mind if she does, Hannah thought as Lady Fairweather walked out of the room, leaving her in her soaked pants, with Julia.

*

The next day, just after dawn, Hannah headed for the little square near the northern gate, where Julia would meet her with the coach. As she walked through the town, which was already bustling despite the early hour, she realised she didn’t actually know how far away Thornevale was, or how long it would take them to get there. She’d been to some of the small hamlets around the town a few times for jobs in the past, but that was about as far as her geographical knowledge went.

She reached the square, where several coaches stood in a row along a low wall. The sounds of whinnying horses and clopping hooves, and the smells of hay and manure wafted across the square from a large stable on the opposite side.

“Hannah! Over here!”

Hannah craned her head, and saw Julia waving at her, standing behind a grey horse that was already hitched to one of the smaller coaches. Walking over, Hannah recognised Lady Fairweather’s insignia on the door of the coach.

“Morning, miss”, she was greeted by a man securing one of the many intricate straps that connected the horse to the coach. None of Hannah’s previous jobs had required her to familiarise herself with horses or saddlery. This man, who she assumed was their driver, looked like he knew what he was doing though. Hannah couldn’t guess his age; although his hair and short beard were a steely grey, his face was unlined, and he moved briskly around the coach. She would have doubted anything under twenty or over sixty; anything else seemed plausible.

“Hannah, allow me to introduce you to Tymen, our driver for today. I’m afraid his manners are better fit for his horses than his passengers”, she said, giving Tymen a pointed look, “but if you are willing to let his lack of respect for protocol slide, he does sometimes have his moments of usefulness.”

“Sorry, miss”, Tymen said, grinning at Julia in a not particularly apologetic way.

Hannah chuckled.

“I forgot to ask yesterday… how far is it to Thornevale?”, Hannah asked.

Julia frowned. “About twenty miles, I’d say – Tymen, care to chime in?”

“Twenty-two along the carriageway”, Tymen said without looking up from whatever piece of leather he was tightening. “You could shave off one or two on foot, but those paths won’t do for Nellie, nor for our wheels”.

“Ah, yes, that reminds me. Allow me to introduce you to Nellie”, Julia said as she gestured to the grey horse. “The fourth and final member of today’s company.” Nellie wiggled one of her ears.

“Pleasure. Twenty-two miles, so that would take us…”

Hannah looked at Julia uncertainly. She knew how long it would take her to walk from here to any of the bigger mansions in town by heart, down to the minute, but the walking speed of a horse was as much a mystery to her as the gear that was used to steer it. At least, she assumed that that was what all that leather was for.

“We’ll be there in the afternoon”, Julia answered. “We’ll stay at the Rosemary – that’s the inn Lady Fairweather frequents when she is in town – and head back first thing tomorrow morning.”

“Right.” So that’s, what, eight hours, sat next to Julia in a small wooden box? Hannah could imagine worse ways to spend her day.

“That is, of course, if we haven’t all died of old age before Tymen here finishes inspecting the straps”, Julia said, slightly raising her voice as she looked at their driver. The grey-haired man didn’t even turn to face her, but the smile was audible in his voice when he answered. “Just get your pretty arse in the coach, Julia. We’ll be off in a tick.”

“Like I said, the manners of a horse.” Julia shook her head in mock disgust as she climbed into the coach. Hannah followed her and sat down next to her on the narrow cushioned bench. She heard Tymens boots on the steps as he climbed into the drivers’ seat, and the coach lurched into motion.

Hannah looked out the window as they rolled out of the square and into the street. It was lined by buildings, mostly warehouses that stored wares that were brought into town before they could be picked up by whatever business they were destined for. Hannah was only vaguely aware of goings-on in this part of town; her own business tended to take her to more well-to-do neighbourhoods.

Suddenly, the walls closed in on the coach, blocking off her view as they passed through the gate in the wall. Then, they were through. A canal lay in front of the wall, separating it from a wide field where some sort of cultivated plants were growing about knee-high. Wheat? Corn? To Hannah’s eye, it didn’t look like anything she'd seen on a plate before. Feeling slightly out of her depth, she recalled one small bit of trivia that she suspected Julia might not know.

“The fields in front of the wall are owned by the city council”, Hannah told Julia. “Every year, they get requests for building permits, but they always deny all of them, even though the land is very valuable. They keep the first half a mile in front of the wall empty, to make sure there’s a clean shot from the wall, should there ever be a siege.”

Julia looked at Hannah in surprise. “A siege?”

“Yeah, it doesn’t sound likely, but I suppose it never hurts to be prepared. Anyway, there should be some small hamlets beyond the field, right beyond the perimeter kept by the council. That’s as close as they’re allowed to build.”

Julia smiled. “The breadth of your knowledge continues to surprise me, Hannah, even if the subjects seem a bit random to me. What kind of heist would you need to know something like this for?”

Hannah looked out the window. “Nothing, really. I just overheard some council officials talking about it once. I was posing as a cleaning maid, and they didn’t notice me there.”

“Well, I won’t ask what you were after. Though I am curious to see you in a maid’s outfit now.”

Hannah blushed.

They continued chatting for another half an hour or so. Having worked jobs for several of the notable noble families, Hannah’s knowledge of local politics went quite deep. While Julia was not particularly interested in the business interests of this or that nobleman, she had an almost inexhaustible supply of gossip – including some rather spicy tales about ladies who had attended the Thornevale Festival in years past.

Meanwhile, Julia had brought out a large traveller’s teapot, which she had heated early in the morning before stuffing it in one of her bags, and which was still surprisingly warm. She had also brought two closed mugs, which had a little spout on top to sip from without spilling tea all over themselves when the coach hit a bump in the road.

Eventually, their conversation fell silent. Hannah leaned back in her chair and enjoyed the view from the window, which alternated between farmland and the occasional patch of woodland. Julia brought out a piece of needlework, her deft fingers weaving the threads of yarn almost faster than Hannah’s eyes could follow them.

The weather was sunny, and even with the small window above the door open, the coach was quite warm. The coached swayed slowly as it rolled over the well-maintained carriageway, and Hannah found herself grow drowsy. She allowed herself to drift off for a bit, enjoying the ride, and the pleasant warmth where her hips met Julia’s, the narrow seat and the swaying of the coach rubbing them together softly. I could get used to being driven around like this…

*

“Care for another cup?”

Hannah opened her eyes to Julia holding one of the closed mugs in front of her, a small wisp of steam emanating from the spout. She paused for a moment, noticing the slight tingle in her bladder.

“Oh. Thanks. How long was I asleep for?” She took the mug from Julia.

“Not long, maybe half an hour or so?”

That means we’re, what, two hours into the ride? Yeah, that feels about right.

“Ah. I suppose Tymen will want to water the horses eventually?”

“Eventually, yes”, Julia said. There’s a resting place about halfway, I expect we’ll be there in an hour or two more.” She smiled slyly. “But I get the feeling you’re not asking on behalf of Nellie?”

Hannah exhaled softly, sitting up just a little straighter. “I’m just concerned that she might not be as well-hydrated as I am.”

Julia giggled. “Yes, it’s quite an effective tea, isn’t it? But don’t worry, I have a little stop planned in a few miles.”

“Planned?”

“Yes. You see, I was thinking. We’ll visit Margaret this afternoon, so she can get your measurements and fit you some nice dresses. But we haven’t covered dresses yet in your wetting practice.”

Hannah tried to keep her face blank. “I hadn’t realised that would be a problem.”

“Dresses are very different from pants. They can be really good for wetting, but there’s a knack to it – at least if you want to do it standing up. Sitting down, sure, you’ll wet the back of the skirt, but that’s hardly interesting. No, if you want to make an impression, you’ll have to learn how to wet the front, while standing, without hands.”

Hannah considered that. “How do you go about that then? Standing up, no hands… doesn’t the pee just run down your legs?”

“If you just stand there and relax, then yes. So, I’m going to show you how to aim. You want the stream to go forward, hit the inside of the skirt as high as possible. The higher, the bigger the wet patch will be. Trust me, if you get it right, the result will be amazing – both for the audience and for yourself.”

Hannah tried not to blush. “And a second cup of tea will help with that?”

Julia nodded. “You need a bit more pressure for this than what you’ve been used to. A nice full bladder, so you don’t need to force it out so much. Otherwise, you’ll really have to push to get the stream high enough. Makes it difficult to maintain a nice posture.”

Hannah signed resignedly and lifted the mug to her mouth.

*

Half an hour later, the mug rested on her lap, empty. Hannah had her legs crossed, the top one bouncing up and down slightly.

“How are you holding up?”, Julia asked.

Hannah gave her a flat look. “I have to pee.”

Julia giggled. “Yes, I know, that’s rather the point. Come on, we’ve practiced this. How does it feel?”

Hannah sighed and closed her eyes.

“My bladder feels… tight. Large. There’s pressure. Tingling.”

“Good, good. Is the pressure constant?”

Hannah paused. “…no. The waves are already here.” She squeezed her thighs together.

“Do you feel like holding yourself when they come?”

“A little.”

Julia took Hannah’s wrist and guided her hand to her lap. “Then do so, silly! You’re not on stage.” Hannah hesitated for a second, then moved her hand between her legs, relaxing a little when she felt the pressure behind her slit ease as her fingertips found their spot.

“I’m actually pretty full myself too”, Julia said happily.

At that, Hannah opened here eyes again and looked to the side. Julia had a hand in her crotch as well.

“Well, I can’t very well show you how to do this on an empty bladder now, can I?”

Hannah tried not to stare. Julia giggled as she wiggled a little on the narrow seat, her hips brushing Hannah’s. “That, and like holding with you.”

“You do?” Smooth, Hannah, very smooth, she inwardly scolded herself.

“Well, yes. You’re good company.” A short pause. “And you look good when you squirm.”

Hannah swallowed, her mouth suddenly feeling a little dry. “So do you.”

Julia smiled and wiggled some more, somehow ending up sat with her side against Hannah’s. She managed to look relaxed even with her hand still wedged in her crotch.

“So what was that blush about yesterday?”, Hannah asked.

Julia looked at her quizzically.

“When Lady Fairweather said you’d know a good shop for buying wetting-friendly underwear. You blushed.”

Julia grinned. “I did not.”

“Did so.”

“Certainly did not!”

Hannah just looked at her. Julia wiggled again.

“Alright, alright. There’s this one shop in Thornevale. Elza’s Lingerique. I did a little side job there a few years ago, just before I entered Lady Fairweather’s employ.”

Hannah grinned. She had struck gossip gold.

“I helped her design some new items. She’d seen a performance of mine at the Festival and we got talking.”

Julia crossed her legs. Hannah did too.

“It was… successful. She could hardly keep up with the demand for a while. But I didn’t want to get too involved in the business side of it all, so I left and joined Lady Fairweather.”

Hannah squeezed her thighs as a wave of pressure emanated from her bladder.

“Hold on. You’ve skipped over the best part. What ‘new items’ did you help design? How do you even design wetting-wear?”

Julia giggled. “Well, you know. She wanted to offer things specifically for display wettings. Something that shows the wetness well, that gives you room to direct the flow but still hugs you tight enough to get a nice spread. And not with too tight a waistband, obviously.”

“Obviously”, Hannah said dryly, crossing her legs the other way. She watched as Julia squeezed her thighs together.

“So I told her”, Julia continued, “if you want all of those things, and you really want it to stand out, you need to make it to fit, for each customer individually. There is no one-size-fits-all for this kind of specialty wear. Everyone’s body is different, and you need to accommodate for that. Make sure it follows the curves and the folds, hugging without squeezing.”

Hannah smiled. She had enough experience now with Julia’s passion for peeing to imagine how that conversation must have gone.

“The fitting sessions were… interesting. She had to invent three or four completely new measurements.” Julia repositioned her holding hand. “Navel-to-mound, lip-width-at-peehole… I don’t remember the others just now.”

Hannah snorted, squeezing her thighs together as the motion immediately made the pressure spike. “That sounds very… specific.”

“Yes, it’s not something most tailors would do. But like I said, people were queuing up for it.”

Hannah paused for a moment, closing her eyes as the wave of pressure continued to wash over her. She bounced her right leg up and down, pushing her fingers a bit more tightly between her thighs. She could feel herself respond – Julia’s story had got her a little worked up. She breathed in slowly as the warm glow spread through her abdomen.

Then, suddenly, the coach halted. There was the sound of two knocks on the roof, followed by Tymen’s voice. “Time for a break, ladies.”

Finally, Hannah thought, as Julia got up next to her and immediately bent over a little, squeezing her thighs together, the fingertips of her holding hand peeping out at the base of her butt.

“Oof, standing up is intense. This is going to be fun!”

Julia opened the door and climbed out of the coach, still holding herself. Hannah breathed in slowly and stood up too. Immediately, she felt her bladder being pulled down into her pelvis, the pressure behind her slit spiking. She stood still for a moment. Fuck…

She stepped out to find Julia talking to Tymen, who didn’t give any indication that he noticed her stepping in place, her hand between her legs. He must be used to the sight, Hannah thought as she walked over to them.

“Alright, let’s get going. There’s a good spot just down the path over there. Don’t worry, it’s out of view from the road.” Julia walked off, her steps small and measured. Hannah followed.

“You girls have fun”, Tymen said without looking, his hands already twiddling one of the straps again.

They followed a narrow footpath that twisted beneath the trees, sloping down. The undergrowth was quite high, and after the first bend, Hannah couldn’t see the road behind them anymore.

“Just a second”, Julia panted, stopping. She bent over a little, grabbing herself with both hands.

“Damn, that bad?”, Hannah asked. Her bladder felt huge, but she didn’t feel bursting the way Julia looked right now.

“That tea… was really good”, Julia said between breaths, stepping in place.

She straightened up a little, relaxing. “Right, come on then. It’s just down there.”

They continued down the path, down another bend. They suddenly stepped into the sunlight, as the path ended on a rocky overlook, the ground falling down steeply below. Fields of farmland stretched out in the distance.

Julia turned around and beamed at Hannah. “Isn’t it lovely? The best peeing spot this side of Thornevale.”

Hannah smiled back at Julia, whose leg bobbed up and down, making her boobs jiggle between her arms as she held herself. “You’re right, the view is amazing.”

Julia punched Hannah’s arm, giggling. “Oh, shut up.”

Hannah watched as Julia stepped out of her shoes, then undid her belt and let her pants fall to the ground. She grabbed herself again briefly before wriggling out of her panties. She gestured at Hannah. “Come on, you too. I don’t really have time to chat right now.”

Hannah started undressing too. She felt the rush of heat still lingering between her legs; she hoped her arousal wouldn’t be too visible, as she dropped her underwear to her ankles, kicking it over to their pile of discarded clothing.

“Right then. Watch me”, Julia said, stepping onto the rocky plateau. “Feet slightly apart. Back straight, and lean back just a little. Tilt your hips as far as you can, and tense your bottom a little.”

Hannah stared.

“See? And then… go.”

And Julia went.

A clear arc of pee jetted out of her, almost horizontally. It sparkled in the sunlight, sailing over the edge of the rock. A few seconds later, a faint splattering sound could be heard below.

Julia’s hands fell down to her sides as she relaxed her shoulders and hung her head back, eyes closed, the sun in her face.

She kept peeing.

Hannah stepped a little in place. The slight breeze touching the skin between her legs was making it a lot harder to hold. Seeing Julia pee wasn’t helping either. However, she wasn’t going to interrupt. The sight of Julia standing there, her long legs straight, feet planted slightly apart on the bare rock; the breeze playing with her hair, the sunlight caught in the arc of her stream… I’ve never seen such a sight.

Then, slowly, she saw the arc of Julia’s stream moving downward. It no longer went over the edge of the rock, but splattered on the moss. Julia’s eyes stayed closed, a blissful smile playing around her lips as the splatter moved closer, until it fell right between her feet, splashing her toes. She opened her eyes and grinned, curling her toes.

“That felt so good”, she sighed as her stream slowed to a trickle, then stopped completely. A few stray drops fell from her lips.

Hannah crossed her bare legs. “It sure looked like it”, she said. “Mind if I have a go now?”

“Oh, yes, of course! Sorry, I got caught up in the moment a little, Julia answered, quickly stepping aside.

Hannah took position on the rock, right next to the wet streak left by Julia’s artful piss. She planted her feet slightly apart, clenching down as the posture made her crotch feel awfully exposed, with nothing there to keep the pulsing pressure in check.

“Right, very good. Now, tilt your hips back. Further, further.” Shew put her hand on the small of Hannah’s back, guiding. Her fingers felt cool, yet at the same time left Hannah’s skin burning even under her shirt.

“Now, knees a little further apart, to make sure your lips are out of the way. Tense your bottom a little. Not too much, just enough to give you that last bit of tilt. Good! Now, straighten your back and look ahead. See that big rock over there? All the way across the field? That’s your aim. Go and pee on that rock for me. Go on!”

Hannah relaxed. A short jet of pee burst out of her, splattering the ground just in front of her toes. She giggled as she felt them get wet with the splashback.

“Stop, stop”, Julia said. Hannah clenched, involuntarily bringing her knees together, closing her thighs.

“That’s okay, let that wave pass. Ride the tingle.”

Hannah breathed in slowly, then out again.

“Alright, knees apart. Try tilting your hips a little further yet. Okay, try again, with bit of force this time.”

Hannah closed her eyes and concentrated. As soon as she felt her stream get going again, she tensed her midriff. She could feel the stream get stronger, jetting out of her.

“Good, good! Keep going! Now, give it all you’ve got. Aim for the rock!”

Hannah obeyed, tightening her abdomen.

“That’s great! Oh, you’re not even looking! Come on, look!”

Hannah opened her eyes and looked down. A strong stream of pee was arcing from her pussy, splashing on the ground more than two feet in front of her toes. Not as impressive as Julia’s, maybe, but still. Gods, that’s just the best feeling,

“If you’d be wearing a dress right now, it’d be soaked from halfway down your thighs”, Julia said, smiling.

Hannah hesitated for a second, then held out her hand. Julia took it.

They stood on the rock, hand in hand, as Hannah peed. She closed her eyes again. I was wrong, she thought. THIS is the best feeling.

After another twenty seconds or so, her stream started to slow down. Hannah opened her eyes again, watching how her arc, like Julia's, slowly lowered, the splatter getting closer and closer to her toes. Her feet were planted far enough apart that she didn’t pee on them as her stream slowed to a trickle, then stopped.

She breathed in slowly.

Looked to her side, at Julia’s smiling face.

And kissed her.

*009*2025-11-24 14:01

Here's the next part. It's longer than I aimed for, I'm finding it difficult to write concisely.

The Thornevale Job, Part V

Thornevale was not what Hannah had expected.

Of course, now that she thought about it, she really knew that the streets wouldn’t be crowded with women bouncing around with their hands between their legs. But somehow, during the past week of practicing for the Festival, she’d formed a mental image of the town that was more, well… pissy, than what she was seeing now.

Looking out of the window of the coach, she saw a street that looked much the same as the streets in her home town. Earlier, they’d passed through a few streets lined by houses, and the occasional craftsman’s workshop. Now, they were entering the town center. The street had widened, and the houses had made way to shops. The ground floors where mostly stone, with glass windows displaying wares. Most of the higher floors were made of wood, with shuttered windows to keep out the wind and weather.

“Over there is a nice sweet shop, they do these lovely licorice drops. There used to be a herbalist’s there before, but they moved out of town a few years ago.”

Clearly happy to be back in her old home town, Julia had been chatting happily for the past twenty minutes or so, giving Hannah a lively, if rather unorganised guided tour.

“That inn over there is Jerome’s, they host a few tables of Pee Poker on the second evening of the Festival.”

Ah, and there it was. Hannah was surprised it had taken Julia so long to include a pee reference in her running commentary.

Surprised, but not too disappointed. She could have done without that reference for a bit longer.

Hannah squeezed her thighs together.

She had to pee. Badly.

After their shared outdoor piss – and their shared outdoor kiss – they had made their way back to the coach, pretending that nothing had happened. Well, nothing other than peeing – Tymen had told them to “have fun” even as Julia bounced around with her hands between her legs, so there was no real point pretending they hadn’t. But even after they got back in the coach and driven off, they hadn’t mentioned that kiss again.

An hour or so later, they’d stopped again at a small roadside inn, to feed and water Nellie, and to have some lunch themselves. Julia had asked a serving maid to refill her traveler’s teapot, and ordered cups for all three of them besides. Tymen ate his lunch stoically as Julia instructed Hannah to drink up, as she’d have to be full again by the time they arrived in Thornevale. “You need a good bladder bulge for the fitting, so Margaret can adjust the waist. And she’ll probably want you to wet at least one skirt, to see if everything works out.”

Well, Margaret should have nothing to complain about. Hannah could feel her bladder pushing outward. She squeezed her thighs a little tighter. Being asked to wet myself on purpose, just to see if the clothes show it off right. What a week…

Julia was just starting a story about a poker game she once attended at Jerome’s. Is she doing it on purpose?

“Hey, Julia, sorry to interrupt you there for just a second. How much further till we’re there? Not that I don’t enjoy the history lessons here, but I really wouldn’t mind getting to that fitting session without too much delay now.”

“Oh, don’t worry, we’ll almost there”, Julia said. “Tymen will drop us off at the door, then take our bags right to the Rosemary.”

Hannah crossed her legs. “Yeah, to be honest I was already counting on that. I don’t think I would survive another stop in between.”

Julia giggled. “Oh, come on, I’ve seen you in worse states than this.”

“True, but I didn’t have to stand still and let some woman measure my butt then”, Julia grumbled. “I’m afraid I’ll squirm and get myself jabbed with clothing pins.”

“Nonsense. Margaret does orders like this all the time, she knows how to work with a bursting customer.”

“How reassuring.” Hannah put a hand between her legs.

The coach rumbled over the cobblestones, crossing a small square. It was dominated by a fountain. Wait, is that…

Julia noticed Hannah staring. “Oh, yes, that’s Joanie’s Fountain.”

“Is Joanie the owner, the sculptor, or the sculptee?”, Hannah asked, wondering how her next-door neighbours would react if they woke up one morning to find the square in front of their house sporting a statue of a squatting woman, her stream filling a small pond.

“Joanie was a legend in Thornevale, thirty or forty years ago I think. She set a record for distance-peeing that still stands to this day. Three yards, one foot, five inches. There’s a mark on the pavement of the street where she did it. Every year, people line up there to try and match her, but nobody’s even gotten close.”

Hannah watched as a passerby threw a coin into the fountain. I wonder if having Joanie piss on your money is supposed to bring good luck. Then, the coach rolled to a halt. She heard the familiar sound of Tymen knocking twice on the roof. “Here we are, ladies.”

Julia opened the door and stepped out. Hannah took a second to brace herself against the new wave of pressure she knew would hit her when she stood up. Breathing out slowly, she lifted herself off the couch, feeling gravity pull her bladder down. She could almost feel the first tentative drops of pee looking for a way out – and finding the exit blocked by her fingertips. I’m starting to get good at this…

After a few seconds, the wave subsided, and she followed Julia out of the coach. Julia stood a few paces away, chatting with Tymen. They waved goodbye, and Tymen nudged Nellie into motion, pulling the coach back onto the street.

Hannah stood stiffly, her thighs squeezed together, hands held awkwardly by her side. She tried not to bob her knee up and down.

Julia looked at her and grinned. “Oh, come on, you’re in Thornevale now”

Hannah sighed, and moved a hand between her legs. She immediately felt some of the tension leave her body.

“Right, come on then.” Julia crossed the street, Hannah following with measured steps.

Across the street, the front of the shop was built out of smooth, plain bricks. Behind the large glass windows, several mannequins displayed elegant dresses and pantaloons. However, more noticeable than the mannequins’ attire was their posture. Hannah thought back to when Julia had told her how to look good while squirming. The left mannequin was in what Julia had called the “classic bursting woman pose”. Another, displaying a pair of tight denim pants, had its wooden legs crossed at the knee. Hannah wondered how they’d ever managed to get the pants on the puppet.

Julia pushed open the shop’s door, making the little bell above it ring softly. A sign next to the door read:

MARGARET BLUEBELL

FINE TAILORING

FOR THE FULL-BLADDERED LADY

HOLDING WEAR

DISPLAY WETTINGS

GUILD-APPROVED UNIFORMS

So she supplies the Daremaid’s guild too?, Hannah wondered, stepping over the threshold. Her bladder tingled.

Inside, the shop was warm, almost a little stuffy. One wall was entire covered by shelves, stacked with bales of cloth in all possible fabrics and colours. Racks with dresses, skirts, shirts, pants, leggings, and all manner of pre-made articles, interspaced with large standing mirrors, filled one half of the room. In the back, several large working tables were piled high with bits of cloth, spools of yarn, needle cushions, and measuring tapes. Two seamstresses sat there, working on pieces of fabric that Hannah could not immediately identify.

“Julia!”

A short, rather plump woman with a large mass of grey, curly hair emerged from behind a rack of dresses. She ran over to Julia and hugged her, her hair barely reaching up to Julia’s chin.

“Hello, miss Bluebell”, Julia smiled, hugging her back.

“Oh, don’t you ‘Miss Bluebell’ me!”, she scolded, stepping back from Julia.

“Sorry, Margaret”.

Margaret smiled widely. “Much better. It’s good to see you again, dear. Tell me, are you still working for Lady Fairweather?” She started absentmindedly straightening dresses on one of the racks, seemingly just to keep her hands occupied.

“Yes, I am. I went with her when she moved out of town a couple of months ago.”

“Oohhh, yes, I heard all about that”, Margaret said, shaking out a voluminous pink dress. “Threw the keys to his fancy mansion right in his face, didn’t she? Well, serves him right. I never liked that man.”

Hannah smiled inwardly. Margaret seemed nice. Dependable, no-nonsense. Though I wouldn’t mind if she could skip some of the gossip. Gods, I have to pee…

“Ah, but where are my manners. Gossip can wait – would you introduce me to your companion first?”, Margaret said, turning to face Hannah.

“Yes, of course”, Julia answered. “Margaret Bluebell, allow me to introduce Lady Hannah. Hannah, meet Margaret Bluebell, one of Thornevale’s finest tailors. Hannah here is planning to attend to festival next week.”

Hannah shook Margaret’s hand. “Pleased to meet you”. Just then, another wave of pressure bloomed in her bladder, causing her to instinctively squeeze her thighs together

Margaret smiled as she noticed. “Ah, I expect Julia brought you here as a customer then?”

“Indeed”, Julia answered before Hannah could open her mouth. “It’s Lady Fairweather’s treat, so naturally I took her to see you. We drove over this morning, so I made sure she filled up properly.”

“Well, let’s go to business then”, Margaret said, hanging the frilly pink dress back and leading them to the area in the back. “Never keep a full customer waiting”.

Margaret led them to a little corner in the back of the shop, where two armchairs and a low couch stood around a small wooden table. She gestured for Hannah and Julia to sit down on the couch, then lowered herself onto one of the armchairs. Hannah was glad to sit down, feeling the seat of the couch provide some much-needed pressure against her crotch. She crossed her legs, and relaxed a little.

“Alright then, what exactly can I do for you?”, Margaret asked. “Did you have something in mind already, or do you want to browse first?”

Hannah hesitated, but again, Julia answered for her.

“She’ll need three dresses fit for display wettings in the official games. My guess would be forget-me-not blue, with maybe some cream-white accents.”

Margaret tutted her lips as she leaned forward, looking closely at Hannah’s face.

“Yes, I think blue would do fine. It would bring out your eyes a bit, and cream would contrast nicely with your hair.” She nodded approvingly. “You’ve always had a good eye for this, Julia.”

Julia beamed.

“Alright, so for display wettings then. Have you wet in a dress before, dear?”, Margaret asked.

Hannah shook her head. “No, never.” Though I expect I’ll get my first experience the second you throw one on me, she thought, squeezing her thighs together.

“We’ve been practicing her forward arc though”, Julia piped in. “She’s got a lot of pressure when she’s full. Believe me, she’ll do fine.”

Margaret nodded. “Well, if Julia says so, then that’s the way it is – when it comes to peeing, at least, she knows what she’s talking about.”

Hannah chuckled. Yeah, she does.

“Alright then, dear, here’s what we’ll do. Annie over there will throw together a quick dummy. Meanwhile, you and I will get to measuring.”

“What’s a dummy?”, Hannah asked, confused.

“Just some fabrics joined together with safety pins over an underdress”, Margaret explained. “It will give the general idea of the dress, how it falls, how it wets. Tonight, we’ll sow all the seams together properly, do the frills and such, and then tomorrow you can come pick it up.”

Hannah squirmed a little in her seat as another wave of pressure hit her. Margaret looked at her and smiled. “Don’t worry dear, it won’t take long. We’ll be done before you know it, and then you can go and have yourself a well-deserved pee in the dummy skirt.”

Hannah couldn’t help but laugh at that – and then doubled over as the motion made her bladder protest angrily. She hesitated for a second. Fuck it, she thought, jamming a hand between her legs.

“I’m… not as confident as you are in my holding skills”, she said in a strained voice.

“Nonsense, dearie, you’ll be fine”, Margaret said in a gentle voice. “And if not, then you leak a little. Most customers do when they show up for a full-bladder fitting.”

Hannah looked at her incredulously, still squirming a little in place. “You’re kidding.”

“No, really. We always wash the dummy after the fitting anyway. I charge for it, of course – it’s part of the service. You can’t really expect to cater to Thornevale’s pee-loving customers without expecting to get the occasional drop on your fingers.”

Julia giggled. “I think I gave you more than a drop when I came for my first dress”, she said.

Margaret laughed. “Yes, well, that happens too, occasionally. No matter, we’ve got a mop in the back.” Oh my, Julia… you’re definitely going to tell me about that some day!

With that, she got up, gesturing for Hannah and Julia to follow her. After the wave of gravity-induced pressure in her bladder had subsided a little, Hannah cautiously made her way over to the area where the seamstresses sat at their tables. One of them sat up straight, listening to Margaret’s instructions – presumably about the dummy dress she’d be throwing together for Hannah.

“...and two cream strips down the sides of the bodice. We’ve got some of the Valerian silk left, use that.” The seamstress – Annie, I heard Margaret say just now, Hannah thought to herself as she stood, shifting her weight from foot to foot – nodded once, then got up and started gathering her materials.

Margaret turned back to Hannah. “Alright dear, if you could just stand over there for me? We’ll start with the basics”. She waved Hannah over to a spot right in front of the wall. A wide wooden plank was attached to it, with carvings at regular intervals, clearly meant to measure a customer’s height. Hannah turned and stood up straight, her back touching the wall. Oof, this position is really not helping...

“Lovely. Alright, just stay there for a tick”, Margaret said, standing on her toes to reach her finger to the measuring rod over Hannah’s head. “Annie, that’s twenty-five and a quarter, floor to crown”, she called over her shoulder to Annie, who was pinning bits of cloth to a plain grey cotton tunic.

“Wonderful. Now, you don’t have to keep straight anymore, just make yourself comfortable”. Margaret moved over to pick up a little rolled-up measuring tape from one of the desks. Hannah immediately bent over a little again, squeezing her thighs together.

“Alright, dearie, would you mind taking that shirt off? Do you have anything underneath, or would you like to borrow a bra and change over there behind the curtain?”

Hannah tried not to blush. “No, that’s alright”, she mumbled, lifting her shirt over her head. Good thing I decided to put that on in the morning…

Margaret turned back to Hannah, and started measuring the length of her arm, calling out numbers to Annie. Hannah noticed that neither of them wrote anything down. Do they just memorise everything?, she though, subtly shifting her weight from foot to foot.

“One step forward please, dearie, away from the wall. Don’t worry, I’m just going to measure your shoulders and back first.”

Stepping forward, Hannah felt Margaret’s hands on her shoulderblades. Although they weren’t cold, she still shivered a little – and then involuntarily bent forward a bit, squeezing her thighs and bobbing her knee up and down as her bladder responded in kind.

“Sorry, sorry”, she said breathlessly, trying to stay still.

“It alright dear, don’t you worry”, Margaret said, holding the tape down from the nape of Hannah’s back down to her butt. “What’s the point of having such a nice full bladder if you can’t squirm a little?”

Stepping in place despite her efforts to stay still, Hannah looked over to Julia – who grinned widely at her as she struck a very convincing ‘classic bursting’ pose, bouncing up and down with her hands between her legs. Hannah burst out giggling.

“Please, Julia, behave yourself”, Margaret scolded – but Hannah could hear the smile in her voice. Briefly looking over her shoulder, Hannah saw Margaret crouched down behind her, measuring her legs. “Have you been to Thornevale before, dearie?”, she asked.

“No, it’s my first time here.”

“Ah, so your first time at the festival too, next week? Oh, you’re in for a treat. Julia, will you be showing Lady Hannah around?”, Margaret asked.

“Absolutely”, Julia said with a smile. “We’ve been practicing together for almost two weeks now.”

“Practicing, huh? Well, I’m sure you’ll have fun”, Margaret said, standing up again. “Now, dearie, we’ll need a few trickier measurements now. First, I’m going to get your waist, so I’m going to need you to stand up straight. Just a few seconds, then you can squirm again.”

Hannah nodded, swallowing. Taking a deep breath, she carefully removed her hand from her crotch, and stood up straight. She moved her arms up a little, giving Margaret room to move the measuring tape around her stomach. Aii, that tickles!, Hannah thought, trying her hardest to stand up straight even as she squeezed her thighs together.

“Annie, that’s twelve-naught around the bladder”, Margaret called over her shoulder. Twelve-naught what?, Hannah thought. Surely twelve-naught was large – her bladder felt like a balloon.

“There, got it”, Margaret said, stepping back from Hannah again. Damn, that was hard, Hannah thought as she immediately grabbed herself again.

Suddenly, Julia spoke up again. “Oh yes, I almost forgot. She’ll need two pairs of denim pants too. For display wettings, so Lady Fairweather made me promise to remind you to measure her bottom.”

“Hmpf. Lady Fairweather doesn’t need to tell me how to do my job”, Margaret grumbled. “Alright, dearie, if you could please undo your belt and lower your pants for me? You can keep them on your thighs if you want, or just take them off and throw them over there if you like that better.”

Breathing in slowly, Hannah undid her belt, and let her pants fall down on the floor. She kicked them over to Julia, still gripping her crotch.

“Lovely, dear. Now, here’s another tricky part, but I promise it’ll just take a second. I’m going to need you to move your thighs apart just a little. You can keep your hand there if you want, that’s alright, I just need some space for my measuring tape.”

“Just think of it as another challenge. Ride the tingle”, Julia chimed in helpfully.

Hannah squeezed her legs together tightly one last time, then set her feet apart a little, making a deliberate effort to unclench her thighs.

Fuck…

Not being able to hold herself before had been bad. But keeping her thighs apart was so, so much worse. Her legs were shaking with the effort. Hannah closed her eyes, trying to remember her first lessons with Julia. She tried to concentrate on the warm, tingling feeling glowing in her bladder and her pussy, but it was hard to make out over the shouting, screaming pressure.

She was vaguely aware of Margaret moving the measuring tape around her butt, calling out numbers to Annie. Sometimes, the tailor’s fingers would brush against Hannah’s, which were pressed against the fabric of her panties; although she was sure she hadn’t leaked yet, the cotton was starting to feel ever so slightly damp. Sweat? Or something else?

Then, she felt another wave starting to swell. She breathed slowly, trying to ‘lean into it’, the way Julia had taught her – but doing so while also deliberately keeping her thighs apart was just too much. Shit, shit, shit!

A rushing feeling between her lips, accompanied by a hot, warm wetness spreading around her fingers.

She’d leaked.

She could hear Julia giggling. “Oh, Hannah!”

Then, Margaret’s calm voice. “Don’t worry about it, dear, I’m almost done.”

A wave of hot tingling spread from her pussy, radiating out into her body. Hannah dove into it, letting it wash over her, drowning out the pressure. She stifled a moan.

Then, Margaret spoke again. “There, finished. Go on, dearie, you can move again.”

Hannah immediately closed her thighs again, squeezing them together with all her might. Panting, she stepped in place furiously.

“Gods... I don’t think I’ve ever... had to pee this badly.”

Margaret tutted as she stood up from the floor.

“That’s alright, dearie, you’ve done amazing. The important part was to measure your bladder bulge for the bodice, and we’ve done that now. Annie will need about half an hour to finish the dummy. Do you think you can wait that long?”

Hannah smiled wanly, still stepping in place. “Not a chance”.

“Alright, no matter. There’s a toilet in the back. Off you go now – but try not to empty yourself too much, or you won’t be able to wet the dummy skirt properly.”

“Want me to come with you?”, Julia asked.

Hannah hardly needed to be asked twice. “Yes, please.”

*

Hannah stepped furiously in place, gripping the wet crotch of her panties, as Julia closed the door behind them. She hadn’t bothered to put her pants or her shirt back on.

“I’m never going to be able to stop it again”, Hannah panted.

“Yes, you will. You’re amazingly good at this, don’t worry”, Julia said reassuringly. “And besides, there’s one more trick that I haven’t showed you yet.”

Hannah looked at her. “What do you mean?”

Julia smiled slyly. “Can you think of a sensation that would be even more powerful than peeing right now?”

Hannah looked at her flatly. “You don’t mean…”

Julia grinned. “Oh, yes. I taught you to ride that tingle before. Now, you’re not just giving it free rein, you’re going to urge it on. Make it work for you.”

Another wave of pressure made Hannah almost double over, squeezing her soaked panties with all her might.

“Alright, just do as I tell you”, Julia said. “Half an hour, Margaret said, so you’ll need to pee for about fifteen seconds. I’ll keep count. Then, when I tell you to, I want you to touch yourself. Fan the flames until it drowns out the pressure. Trust me, that will stop the flow dead in its tracks.”

Hannah nodded. She wanted to ask if she should sit down on the toilet for this – but before she could even open her mouth, the dam broke.

And she peed.

Her mouth opened in a silent moan, the hiss emanating from her panties sounding almost deafening in the small space. Pee ran down her thighs. More pee splattered the floor around her bare feet. She hung her head back, closing her eyes as the relief washed over her.

“Ten, eleven, twelve… okay, go for it!”

It took a few seconds for Julia’s voice to register over the overwhelming feeling of relief. Then, realising what it meant, Hannah squeezed her thighs together again, clenching down again with all her might as she pushed her fingers against her still peeing pussy. It was no good though – her stream just kept flowing, streaming through her soaked panties, between her fingers.

“Come on, go for it. Fan the flame!”, Julia urged her.

Well, there’s a first time for everything, Hannah thought.

Her index finger started to move ever so slowly, rubbing over the drenched cotton of her underwear as the pee continued to stream through it.

Oh… Oh, fuck…

She couldn’t remember ever having been that sensitive. Bolts of lightning flashed out from her pussy, up her spine, raising the hair on her neck. Her toes curled in the puddle of pee on the floor, every muscle in her legs tensing. She could feel her nipples straining against her bra, begging for attention.

Panting, her fingers started rubbing a little more vigorously. She could feel her clit outlined through the wet cotton of her underwear, feeling as if it gave off sparks with every touch. Her lips were slick with pee, audibly smacking as her fingers moved over them. She hadn’t even noticed that the sound of her pee splattering on the floor had stopped.

“A-hem.” Julia's voice cut through Hannah’s reverie.

Oh. Oops.

Hannah opened her eyes, feeling the blood rush away from her pussy and straight to her face, fueling the crimson blush spreading across her cheeks. Julia stood across from her, grinning widely.

“Having some fun, now, were we?”

“Well, you told me to…”, Hannah panted.

“I certainly did. You just did as you were told. With enthusiasm, I might say.”

Hannah punched Julia’s arm. “You wipe that smirk of your face.”

Julia giggled. “Oh, I do beg your pardon if my expression is not as ladylike as yours.” She threw back her head, eyes closed and mouth open.

Hannah punched her again. “Shut up!”

Julia laughed out loud. “Ah, but it did work, though, didn’t it?”

Hannah grumbled. “It was… surprisingly effective.”

“Told you. It’s a little risky – sometimes it can actually wash away your last bit of control, instead of stopping the flow – but it usually works.”

“You mean there was a chance I would have just pissed myself completely?”

“Well, if you hadn’t tried, you definitely would have pissed yourself. So there was really not much to lose.”

Hannah grumbled.

“Anyway, how’s your bladder doing now?”, Julia asked.

Hannah considered it for a moment. She still felt very full, but the desperate urgency she’d felt not minutes ago had receded.

“Better. It still feels like a balloon, but less… intense than it did before.”

“Good. You should be fine now”, Julia said, opening her purse and retrieving a small towel. “Come, let’s get you cleaned up a little, then we can go back to Margaret.”

“Shouldn’t I put on some dry panties too?”, Hannah asked.

Julia paused. “Oh, I hadn’t considered that. You can keep these on if you like, nobody will mind. But if you’d rather have something dry, I have a spare pair here.”

Hannah smiled wanly. “No, then I guess I’d better practice. I can’t very well be seen blushing at the festival, right?”

*

“...but then this Daremaid lifted her tunic, and before she so much as peed a drop, I just lost it.”, Julia said happily. Margaret laughed out loud.

Hannah smiled and took a sip of her tea. The three of them were sitting in the corner of the shop again, Hannah and Julia next to each other on the couch, Margaret across from them. After the two of them had got back from the toilet, Margaret had invited them to sit down for a bit, while they waited for Annie to finish the dummy. She’d made them a pot of tea, and brought out a little tin box that said “sowing supplies” on the lid, but which turned out to contain a small pack of biscuits.

She sat cross-legged on the couch, her top foot bouncing up and down softly. Her little… adventure in the bathroom had made her desperation fade away for a while, but her bladder was still very full, and now the pressure was slowly making itself known again.

She wasn’t in any immediate danger, though. And since they had to wait anyway, and Julia seemed to be in a particularly talkative mood, there were some details about her job that she was still wondering about.

“So Julia, you worked for Lady Fairweather for a while already before she left Thornevale, right?”, Hannah asked.

“Yes, for about two years, I think. Was it two years? Maybe two and three months.”

“Then you must have met Lord Fairweather too, I suppose?”

Julia’s expression soured a little. “Yes, of course. They lived in the same house. Not in the same bedroom, not for the last few months at least, but still.”

Margaret scoffed. “Doesn’t surprise me in the least. I never liked that man!”

“You’ve met him too then?”, Hannah asked.

“Oh yes, I’ve had that pleasure”, Margaret answered. “He’s been here two or three times, to place orders for women he was trying to ingratiate himself with.” She took another sip of her tea. “He was very… specific about what he wanted. Which bits he wanted covered, and which bits he wanted to show. Mind you, I’ve made outfits like that before, plenty of times – but always on the lady’s request, never the gentleman’s.”

“It was one of those gifts that was the last straw for the Lady”, Julia said softly. “He’d left it on his desk. There was a little card with someone else’s name on it. I’ve never seen her so angry.”

Hannah whistled. “He sounds like a real piece of work. But I also heard that his private parties during the Festival are quite famous? How does that work then?”

“Well, to be fair, he can be quite charming when he wants to”, Julia said, “especially if it’s just for an evening.”

“That, and it’s good to be seen there, even if it’s not always the best fun”, Margaret added. “He’s a socialite, and there usually several other notables in attendance. If you can give a good performance there, it can really help with your social standing.”

Julia scoffed. “It’s a shame, really. The whole point of the Festival is to enjoy yourself. But there’s more and more people who just use it for personal gain.” She took a sip of her tea. “You always see it in the performance, though – you just can’t fake a real full bladder, nor genuine joy.”

Speaking of which…, Hannah thought to herself, crossing her legs the other way. She wondered how much longer Annie was going to take finishing that dummy dress. However, this was to good an opportunity to pass on right now.

“But you can’t just show up and join the party, right?”, she asked.

“Oh no, it’s very exclusive”, Margaret said. “Maybe some of the nobles can get away with gatecrashing, though I think most of them would have been invited already – he’d not risk stepping on anyone’s toes by neglecting to do so. But the girls who do the display stuff, those he selects during the Festival. He’s quite thorough with that – visiting the competitions, sometimes even some of the merchants’ games, to select suitable candidates.”

Julia scoffed. “Not quite, Margaret. Sure, he attends the occasional game himself, but most of the work is actually done by his servants. He wouldn’t want to be seen entering a common tavern.”

That’s interesting, Hannah thought to herself. That means he doesn’t actually know all the performers – at least, not their faces. She filed that little bit of info away for future reference.

Then, she heard a new voice behind her.

“Margaret? Miladies? It’s ready for you”.

“Very well, thank you, Annie”, Margaret said. “Right then, let’s have a look.”

The three of them got up and walked over to the corner where Annie and the other seamstress worked. Annie stood next to a big mirror, holding a dress over her arm. It looked blue and white; other than that, Hannah couldn’t make out any details.

“There’s a little changing booth over there, behind the curtain”, Margaret said. “Julia, maybe you can help Lady Hannah put it on? Be careful with it, the dummy is held together by safety pins.”

Julia took the dress from Annie and held open the curtain for Hannah. They stepped into the booth, and Julia let the curtain fall closed behind them.

“How are you holding up?”, Julia whispered as Hannah undid her belt and wriggled out of her pants again. Her panties were still quite damp.

“Definitely starting to feel it again”, Hannah answered, lifting her shirt over her head.

“Good”, Julia smiled. “Remember the posture. Feet apart, knees apart, hips tilted back. And don’t be afraid to give it a little push.”

“I’ll do my best”, Hannah said, fitting her arms into the sleeves of the dress as Julia held it up for her. She lifted the thing over her head, letting it drop down over her. It didn’t though, and Hannah realised it was heavier than it looked.

She couldn’t see anything as she stood with her arms over her head, Julia slowly pulling the dress down over her head. Suddenly, she felt a wave of pressure coming on, and she squeezed her thighs together. Keeping her balance like that was tricky though, and she had to move her feet to stay upright.

“Keep still!”, Julia whispered loudly.

“I’m trying”, Hannah whispered back. “I have to pee!”

Julia giggled. “Just one more minute, then you may.”

Suddenly, the bodice of the dress fell into place, and Hannah could see again. Julia smoothed a few rumples from the skirt, then stepped back as far as the tiny booth would allow.

“There, I think that’s it”, she said, admiring her own handiwork. She moved to open the curtain again, but Hannah grabbed her arm. “Wait! I forgot the panties!” She tried to reach under the skirt to pull them down, but she couldn’t reach far enough down. "Shit..."

Julia grinned. “I love dresses like these”, she whispered, crouching down and lifting the hem of the skirt. Her other hand reached up Hannah’s thighs, grabbed the waistband of her panties, and unceremoniously pulled them down her legs. She giggled as she folded them up and stuffed them into her purse.

“Hey! I need those back later!”, Hannah whispered.

Julia stuck out her tongue, then pulled the curtain open, stepping aside. Hannah sighed and stepped back into the shop, where Margaret and Annie stood waiting.

She stood a little awkwardly, feeling their gaze upon her as they inspected their tailoring. She tried not to squirm.

“Could you turn around, please, dearie? And step a little to the side, in front of the mirror”, Margaret said. Hannah obeyed.

“That’s lovely. Turn back again?”. Hannah tried to keep her breath slow and deep; her bladder was protesting more loudly by the second against all this standing up and moving about.

“How does it feel, dear? Not too tight around the waist?”

Hannah paused. “I don’t think so. Well, it does feel tight there, but… I don’t think that’s the dress.”

Julia giggled.

“Lift your arms up for me, please? Good, enough room to move there, too. Well done, Annie.”

Hannah held her arms up for a bit, then quickly moved them down again, holding one hand against her abdomen. Gods, please hurry up and let me pee!

“Alright, do you want to squirm a bit for me, dearie? Let’s see how the skirt handles that.”

Don’t mind if I do, Hannah thought, slipping into the ‘classic bursting woman’ pose, as Julia liked to call it. Pushing her thighs together, she bent a little at the knees and waist, pushing both hands into her crotch. It didn’t help much though; the layers of fabric made it impossible to apply any good pressure against herself. Her bladder protested against the lack of support, and she stepped in place a little as a wave of urgency hit her.

“That’s lovely, dearie”, Margaret said. Hannah turned to look at herself in the mirror.

Damn…

The bodice of the dress had been cut lower than what she usually wore; while nowhere near improper, it definitely made her cleavage stand out a lot more than what she was used to. Bouncing up and down a little made her boobs jiggle beneath the bodice.

I actually look really good in this, she thought to herself. Then, she realised it might be proper to give the tailors their credit.

She turned back to face Margaret. “It’s wonderful”

Margaret smiled widely. “I’m glad you like it, dear.”

Then, Julia spoke up. “Now, let’s see it in action!”

Hannah turned around and glared at Julia.

“Oh, don’t look at me like that. Come on, give it a go! Trust me, you’ve never wet in something like this before.”

Hannah looked at Margaret. “She’s right, dearie. The fit is good so far, and I don’t expect we have to make any big changes. But we can’t know for sure until you try it out.”

Hannah breathed out slowly. Alright, here goes…

She tried to relax.

Nothing happened.

Shit.

When it was just Julia, she’d hardly had any trouble letting go. But now the two tailors were there as well, and it was suddenly more difficult.

Then, Julia spoke up softly. “It’s alright, don’t worry. Just relax. Think of that bridge you mentioned.”

The Barrelmaker’s bridge, back in her home town, had regularly spaced holes in the low walls on either side. How many times had she squatted there, chatting happily with the girls next to her as they peed into the canal? She closed her eyes and imagined the sounds of the city around her, the feeling of the breeze kissing her bottom. And the sight of Julia sitting on the hole next to her, smiling. And peeing.

She breathed out slowly.

Relaxed.

And let go.

Just as she heard the first drop hit the floor, she remembered her posture. She wasn’t supposed to just pee; this was a display wetting! Hurriedly, feeling her stream grow stronger, splashing on her toes, she placed her feet a little apart, spread her thighs a little, and tilted her hips back as far as they would go.

She tensed her butt a little, feeling the stream change course, aimed away from her body. Then, she clenched her midriff, and started to pee in force. Fuck… I needed that...

Her stream didn’t make any sound, and she wondered if she’d done it right. Then, suddenly, the front of her thighs got hot and wet all at once. She realised she’d been peeing into the inside of the front of the skirt, and the weight of the absorbed liquid had pulled it down against her legs.

That’s really warm...

“That’s it, keep going!”, Julia said encouragingly.

She gave it another small push, feeling waves of warmth run down her legs as more and more of the fabric got drenched, sticking to her skin. Julia was right, she thought; she hadn’t felt anything like it before. Her butt was completely dry, feeling naked under the wide skirt, while her thighs felt warmer than even in the tightest legging.

A little trickling sound appeared as the wetness reached her ankles, and pee started to drip from the hem of the skirt down onto the floor.

“She has a good volume”, Margaret said.

“I know! I’ve been looking to measure her one of these days”, Julia replied. “She could do really well in those contests.”

Still Hannah peed. Gods, that feels good...

“Hannah? You can straighten up a bit, you don’t need to tilt your hips so much anymore now”, Julia said.

Hannah followed. A little bit more of the stream went down her legs now, but most was still absorbed by the skirt, which now stuck to her legs all the way from her crotch to her ankles. She could feel the puddle growing around her feet. Ah well, Margaret said she had a mop.

Finally, her stream started to slow down. She felt goosebumps appeared on her arms as the tingle in her bladder suddenly disappeared; she was empty.

“Well done, very well done, my dear”, Margaret said, smiling at her. “Go on, have a look”. She gestured to the mirror behind Hannah.

Hannah turned around. Her mouth almost fell open when she saw the result. The skirt of the dress, which before had fallen widely around her legs in strips of light blue and cream white, now clung to her skin, following every curve. Somehow, the cream-coloured strips had disappeared from view, folded underneath the blue ones, which had darkened to a navy hue. Only down at her ankles did the skirt still widen out, blooming into a stark white frill. It gave the impression of a dark glass vase, her upper body taking the place of flowers.

“That’s… amazing”, she said softly.

Margaret smiled. “That’s proper tailoring.”

“And proper peeing!”, Julia chimed in happily.

Hannah smiled. She could get used to Thornevale.

*012*2025-12-04 18:34

The Thornevale Job – Part VI

“So, what do you think of Thornevale so far? Living up to your expectations?”, Julia asked, talking around a mouthful of cake.

Hannah smiled, taking a bite of her own cake. “It’s a lovely town. And to be honest, I’m not sure what I expected – but I’ve barely been here half a day and I’ve already peed myself twice, which sounds about right, if your stories are anything to go by.”

Julia giggled. “Twice so far. The day isn’t over yet – we still have to get you some proper underthings.”

After Hannah had cleaned herself up in the changing booth of Margaret’s clothes store, while Julia paid for their purchases with a purse from Lady Fairweather, they’d gone for a break at a little tea room just off the main city square. Hannah had asked if there would be any games or contests here during the Festival, but according to Julia, there was only a small Daremaid station here. Apparently, that consisted of little more than a massive pot of tea, regularly topped off by the shopkeep, and two big laundry baskets – one with a supply of dry underwear, one for taking away the wet. An efficient operation, this guild…

“Ah, yes. Elza, you said, right?”

Julia blushed again. “Yes.”

Hannah grinned. “Oh, come on, how can you be embarrassed? You’ve wet yourself, what, a dozen times right in front of me this past week, I’ve seen you naked just a few hours ago, and yet the idea of me seeing this fabled underwear you modelled for is making you blush?” Hannah shook her head in mock surprise. “It must be something really spicy...”

“No, it’s not… oh, never mind”, Julia said, sighing. She took another bite of her cake.

“Ah, by the way”, Hannah continued. “Do you think we could leave a little later tomorrow? Early afternoon, maybe?”

Julia looked at her quizzically. “I don’t see why not.”

“Good. I’d like to do some exploring. All the… practicing we’ve been doing has been great, but there’s still an actual burglary I need to pull off at some point. Lady Fairweather made this mansion sound like an impregnable fortress. I want to take a look at it myself.”

“I see. But do you think that’s wise?”, Julia asked with a frown. “If anyone sees you, they might recognise you when you show up again next week during the Festival.”

“Oh, don’t worry about that”, Hannah said. “I’ve been doing this work for a while now, remember?”

They finished their cakes, then headed out into the street again.

“Left”, Julia said.

Hannah followed Julia, down a street lined with small shops. Unusually for her, Julia lead the way in silence. Hannah didn’t mind, as it gave her a chance to take in the sights of Thornevale without distraction.

As was her impression during their carriage ride into town, it didn’t look too different from her home town. However, now that she could look at the shops more closely, there were some subtle differences. On the pavement next to the door of an ivy-covered tavern, a chalkboard sign read:

FESTIVAL GAMES

FRIDAY NIGHT – TRUTH OR LEAK

SATURDAY AFTERNOON – FILL THE GLASS

SATURDAY NIGHT – DANCE

SUNDAY AFTERNOON – STORY CIRCLE

SUNDAY NIGHT – DANCE

Hannah chuckled. “I can imagine the kind of dances people will be doing.”

Julia looked over her shoulder. “Oh, it’s actually a regular dance. Though I suppose there will be some wet underwear here and there.” She kept walking as she talked.

Huh.

Ah, well. Hannah supposed that people in Thornevale could enjoy some good music and some lively dancing as much as anyone. Not everything had to be about peeing, after all.

Coming to think of it, would she be expected to do another demo wetting after this next fitting session too? Turning her attention inward for a second, Hannah couldn’t feel any signals coming from her bladder. She had drunk plenty today, but it was barely half an hour since she wet that dress.

“Hey, Julia? Will I have to do another display in this shop too, you think?”

Julia didn’t answer, but kept walking down the street ahead of Hannah.

“Julia!”

She looked at Hannah over her shoulder. “Yes? Sorry, I was lost in thought there for a second.”

Hannha lengthened her stride, trying to keep up with Julia.

“I said, do you think I’ll have to do more wetting in the next shop?”

“Yes, I expect so, to see if the fit is right.”

“But… Julia, slow down a second!” Julia slowed down, allowing Hannah to step in next to her.

“Thanks. I’m not sure I can do that right now, I just emptied myself for Margaret.”

“Oh, don’t worry”, Julia said, “you don’t need to be full for this. It’s just a few spurts, really. You needed pressure for the dress, this is just some panties.”

“I see. Ah, that should be alright then.”

They rounded another corner.

“Right, it’s just over there”, Julia said. She rubbed her hands on her dress, and smoothed her hair. “Come on, let’s go inside.”

She seems almost nervous, Hannah thought to herself. That’s odd – she’s usually so relaxed with all the pee stuff…

She followed Julia into the store.

Hannah’s first impression reminded her of an art gallery. The floor was made from wide, clean slabs of polished stone. Here and there, straight, undecorated stone pedestals stood in front of thick, dark curtains, supporting marble displays showcasing the wares of Elza’s Lingerique. A black marble bust sported a white silk bra, fitting so well it almost made Hannah expect the stone to feel soft to the touch. In another corner, a dark green stone sculpture of a woman’s midsection wore a pair of grey cotton panties, a flower-like pattern woven into the fabric. I wonder how that sculptor felt when he got an order for a marble cameltoe…

Where Margaret’s workshop had felt like a large attic, stuffed to the roof with nice clothes, comfy chairs and tins of cookies, Elza’s Lingerique was more like a jeweler’s shop. None of the displays had price tags, but Hannah didn’t doubt that any one of these items cost more than she’d normally make in a month. Lady Fairweather must -really- hate her soon-to-be ex-husband, if she’s willing to spend this kind of money to rob him, she thought.

Julia stood on the floor, clutching her purse in front of her as Hannah walked between the pedestals, looking at the various displays. The sound of running water drew her attention, coming from a statue in a corner of the room. A female figure carved out of white marble stood in a stone bowl, perfectly circular in shape, roughly three feet across, filled with maybe two inches of water. The statue stood proudly, both feet planted firmly in the pond, one hand resting on her thigh, the other caressing the back of her neck. The figure wore a silk negligee, perfectly following her marble curves. The stream erupting from between her legs splashed into the pond around her feet, yet the crotch of the one-piece gown showed only a coin-size wet spot, which didn’t spread at all. Impressive. I wonder if it’s the fabric, or some clever trick with extra layers on the inside?, Hannah thought.

“Can I help you?”

Hannah turned around. A woman had emerged from the back of the shop. She was tall, at least three inches taller than Hannah. Straight, dark hair flowed down her neck, reaching just past her shoulderblades. A narrow, dark green dress flowed down all the way to the floor. Around her neck, a thin silver chain held a large, dark red gem. Her thin eyebrows were slightly raised, giving her a stern expression. It made Hannah feel as if she’d been caught doing something she shouldn’t. She involuntarily took a small step back from the fountain.

“Hello, Elza”.

The tall woman – Elza, I presume, Hannah thought – whipped her head around to where Julia stood, still clutching her purse. A wonder she can move that fast in that dress.

“Julia.”

“She’s with me”, Julia said. “She needs some things for the Festival next week.”

Elza didn’t say anything, but stood facing Julia, who seemed rather flustered.

Ah, I shouldn’t have teased her so much with the whole designer thing, Hannah though. I’ll help her out. Let’s see… in character, I’m well-born, connected but probably not related to Lady Fairweather, and aiming to do well in the contests, to draw some attention and hopefully gain some useful connections in Thornevale. Right.

She put on her professional face.

“I’m planning to take part in the official contests”, Hannah volunteered, twisting her voice a little to get the timbre right. “You came highly recommended by Lady Fairweather, so I asked if Julia could escort me here. We were at Margaret Bluebell’s earlier today for a dress. Forget-me-not blue with cream white. I’m looking for something fitting to go with that.”

There! Am I good at this, or what?

“Recommended by Lady Fairweather?”, Elza asked, still looking at Julia. “Well, that is very kind of her. Very kind. And so very nice of Julia to assist you.” She turned to face Hannah. “I presume miss Bluebell made you a dress to fit, correct?”

Hannah nodded.

“Well, then naturally, you’ll require a similar standard for your underthings. You’ll find I deliver only the highest quality.” She walked over to one of the pedestals, which displayed a matching set of black bra and panties on a white marble bust. “Are you looking for something to hold in, or to wet in?”

“Both, probably”, Hannah answered.

Elza raised her eyebrows a little more. “No. It’s either the one or the other. One size does not fit all.”

“No, no, you’re right.” Shit. “I want something for a display wetting. I just have to hold it a bit before that, is what I meant. Or I won’t be full enough.” Smooth, Hannah. Come on!

“I see. But you mentioned miss Bluebell fitting you for a dress. You don’t want anything beneath that if you want to wet it, do you?”

“No, of course not”, Hannah answered, starting to feel a little out of her depth. “Julia and practiced dress-wetting, I know how to do that. What I want from you is for a different occasion.”

Elza’s voice lowered a little, her eyebrows lifting even more. “Julia practiced with you? I see.” She looked at Julia again. “Well, then you definitely know what you’re doing. Learning from the best.”

I’m not sure I like this woman, Hannah thought.

Elza’s gaze snapped back to Hannah. “Very well. Formal wetting wear, suitable for the highborn contests. Made to fit. I’ll measure you. Come with me.” She turned around and headed to the back of the shop, not looking around to see if Hannah and Julia followed her.

Behind a white plastered wall, a little area of the polished stone floor was raised, in front of a large mirror on the wall. Next to it, on a clean-edged, hardwood table, laid a paper noteblock, a pencil, and a measuring tape. Even the tape looks more expensive than Margaret’s, Hannah thought. Julia stood a few steps behind her, hands clasped behind her back.

“Very well, lady…”

“Hannah”, Hannah answered. Why does my mouth feel dry?

“Lady Hannah. If you’d be so kind as to undress.”

High-born Hannah feels no shame, she thought, trying to make the thought just slightly louder than the goosebumps that suddenly appeared on her arms. She stepped out of her shoes, almost losing her balance. Shit… She made to hand her shoes to Julia, but Elza took them from her hands. “No, please, allow me.”

Hannah was aware of every bit of dirt on her shoes as Elza took them and placed them carefully next to the desk. She undid her belt, trying to look graceful as she lowered her pants. Good thing I cleaned myself up at Margaret’s place before, she thought, hoping she’d been thorough enough. She handed them to Elza, who carefully folded them up and hung them on a small rod next to her shoes.

“Those too, if you please, then we can get to work”, Elza said, gesturing at Hannah’s panties.

This takes job dedication to a whole new level. Lady Fairweather had better pay up properly at the end, Hannah thought as she lowered those too.

Naked from the waist down, she stepped onto the raised stone slab. It felt cold beneath her feet.

“Just stand up straight, and try not to move”, Elza said, crouching down next to Hannah, measuring tape in hand.

Hannah looked at Julia, trying not to think too much as Elza got to work, moving the measuring tape around her privates. Julia stood at attention, facing slightly away from Hannah.

Come now. High-born Hannah is above such trivial embarrassment, Hannah thought. This is normal to her, probably even enjoyable.

“So I hear Julia helped you with some design work?”, she said, trying to make her voice sound light.

Hannah could have sworn she felt Elza pause for a second, her hands freezing just as she was maneuvering her measuring tape around Hannah’s hips.

“So she did”, she said, her hands resuming their motion.

“I can imagine it must have been quite the project”, Hannah continued. She glanced at Julia again, but she still didn’t look back.

“Quite”, Elza answered. “Tailor-made wetting wear is no simple affair. It requires… intimate knowledge of the process.” She paused. “But I’m sure you’re aware, having practiced together so much.”

The measuring tape seemed to tighten around Hannah’s thigh for a second. Hannah flinched. What the hell?

“Oh, my apologies, Lady Hannah”, Elza said. She got up, smoothing her dress. “Very well. If you would just wait here a minute, I’ll retrieve some items from the back. I will adjust them temporarily with pins. We will try them out, then I will get everything finished up later.”

She turned and stepped through a plain white door in the back, leaving Hannah standing bare-bottomed on the stone dais. She turned to Julia.

“Julia!”, she whispered. “What the hell is going on here?”

Julia looked away. “I… I don’t know. I’m sure it will be fine.”

Fine? This woman just pinched my ass!, Hannah though angrily. And why wouldn’t Julia look at her?

“Why did we come here? Why can’t Margaret do some panties? She was nice!”

Julia cleared her throat. “No, no… Elza is the best. Lady Fairweather was very clear.”

Then, the door opened again. Elza stepped through, carrying a stack of plain white boxes. She opened the first one, retrieving a pair of grey cotton panties.

“We’ll start with these. Just to see if the cut agrees with your stream.” She handed them to Hannah. Hannah stepped into them, pulling them up.

She stood up straight, and moved her feet a little apart.

“Wait”, Elza said in a commanding voice. “I haven’t adjusted the fit yet. This way, you’ll just drip down your thighs.”

Oops. “Sorry”, Hannah said.

Elza retrieved a few pins from a black pin cushion. Why is all her stuff black? Who even makes black tailor’s tools?, Hannah thought. Elza stepped behind Hannah, adjusting the waistband. Suddenly, she felt a jab of pain in the small of her back.

“Ouch!”

Elza didn’t even blink. “My apologies, Lady.”

I’m 50% sure you just stabbed me on purpose, Hannah thought. What the hell’s wrong with you?

Then, Elza stepped back. “Alright, that should do it. Please give it a try. I’ll adjust the fit as necessary.”

“Just to be clear: I can pee now?”, Hannah asked.

Elza gave her a look that was just slightly short of exasperation. “Yes, you can. Just a small stream will do.”

Hannah breathed out slowly. Tried to relax.

She wasn’t feeling relaxed at all. She could feel Elza looking at her. Her eyes felt judgmental.

“Whenever you feel like it.”

“Sorry... give me a second”, she said under her breath. Come on, Hannah!

She tried again. Nothing happened.

Elza raised one eyebrow.

Then, Hannah felt the tiniest drip slink between her lips. She closed her eyes and concentrated, forcing a little more out. She felt her crotch go warm, heard a little pattering sound as her pee hit the stone floor between her feet.

She opened her eyes again. Elza stood still, looking at her with her lips pursed. She made a little tutting sound. “No, that’s no good. My apologies, Lady Hannah – I think I need to let the waistband out a little more. This cut was made for a slightly… narrower figure.”

Hannah felt the blood rise to her cheeks. Did she just call me fat? That bitch!

Hannah hooked her thumbs under the waistband, pulling the wet panties down. She dropped them unceremoniously on the floor, the safety pins making a little clinking sound over the squelch of wet fabric.

“On second though, I think I’ll take my business elsewhere”, she said, picking her own clothes up from the little desk. “Clearly, you don’t value my custom as highly as you should.”

Elza scowled. “Oh, I think I value it just fine. You overestimate yourself, girl. Julia made a fine model, but she clearly leaves much to be desired as a teacher.”

Hannah pulled her pants back up angrily. One foot got caught in the leg, and she had to brace herself against the mirror to keep from falling over. She fumbled with the belt, trying to hold in her stomach as she tightened it. Surely it always went to the third hole, not the second?

“All passion, no grace. Shame, Julia – you used to be better than that”, Elza said, her voice cold. Hannah forced her feet into her shoes, then stood up straight, looking Elza in the eye. Too bad that only works because I’m on that little platform, she thought – somehow, it still looked as if Elza looked down on her.

“Keep your grace. I’ll take passion any day.”, Hannah said, turning away and stomping out of the shop.

*

It was raining outside. It made Hannah shiver as she stood on the pavement in front of the store. She heard the door open behind her. She turned around, breathing in deeply and trying to think of another insult for Elza, but it was Julia. She looked on the verge of tears.

“What the hell was all that?”, Hannah asked angrily.

“I’m sorry”, Julia said in a strained voice.

“What the hell is wrong with that woman? Why did you bring me here? You said you worked with her. Is this how you always treated your customers? I’ve never felt so humiliated in my life!”. Hannah paused for breath – she noticed she was shouting.

Julia cried softly. “No, no, she didn’t use to be like that… I’m sorry!”

Hannah scoffed. “And you just stood there. You watched her stab me and insult me and you did nothing! Were you too distracted by the sight of my ass? Or by Elza’s?”

Tears now ran down Julia’s cheeks. “Please, Hannah…”

Hannah turned. “I’ll see you later. I’m going for a walk.”

She stomped off into the rain, leaving Julia on the pavement.

*

Twilight had descended upon Thornevale by the time Hannah made her way to the Rosemary.

She’d walked aimlessly through the town for a while, fuming at her ridiculous treatment at Elza’s hands, and at Julia, who had brought here there, and who had stood by and did nothing.

Walking through the light spring rain had quickly cooled her down, both literally and figuratively. She’d gone into a small tavern for a hot drink, and while she sat there, sipping from her cup, her temper softened a little. True, Julia hadn’t tried to stop Elza – but neither had Hannah herself. Maybe she’d been just as surprised, just as overwhelmed by Elza’s manner. And deliberately bringing Hannah there to be humiliated didn’t fit her character anyway; she’d been nothing but kind and supportive to Hannah these past two weeks. And she definitely kissed me back this morning…

She stepped into the Rosemary’s common room, feeling her stomach grumble. Looking around, she spotted Tymen sitting by himself at a small table in the corner, a bowl of stew in front of him. She walked over to him. “Mind if I sit down?”

The grey-haired coachman mumbled something unintelligible through a mouthful of stew, but gestured to the empty chair across from him. Hannah took it as an invitation to sit down.

For a while, she said nothing, while Tymen ate his stew. A lone pea had stuck in his beard. A serving girl came by, and Hannah ordered a bowl for herself. She let her gaze wander around the common room. The low wooden ceiling was supported by timber framing; little bundles of dried flowers were tied to it here and there. A few landscape paintings hung on the walls. All in all, it seemed like a respectable establishment. Cozy and quiet.

“She was with Elza for ‘bout half a year, I think.”

Hannah looked back to Tymen, who had finished his stew, and was cleaning his beard with a napkin.

“Yeah, she told me she worked there for a while.”

“No, she worked there longer than that. But they were together for maybe six months.”

Hannah looked at him in surprise. “They dated?”

“For a little while, aye. Not the best match, though.”

He leaned back in his chair, taking a sip from his drink.

Hannah waited for him to say more.

Come on, don’t leave me hanging like this!

Her curiosity won.

“Why not?”

“Well, you met Elza today. Why d’you think?” Tymen lifted one corner of his lips in a mocking grin.

“Because she’s an arrogant, overbearing, jealous bitch?”

Tymen chuckled softly. “Aye, that ‘bout sums it up. She wasn’t as bad back then, to be fair. But she didn’t take it well when Julia left.”

“You knew them back then? I thought she didn’t take up with Lady Fairweather until after.”

“That she did – on my recommendation. Figured a change o’ scenery would be good for the girl.”

That explains why they get on so well. They were friends before they became colleagues. Hannah pursed her lips. She really ought to get to know people better before getting… involved.

“You know she’s got it bad for you, right?” Tymen said casually, taking another sip from his drink.

Hannah looked at him. “Excuse me?”

“You heard me.”

Hannah paused, feeling her cheeks turn red again. Gods, I never blush, and now twice in one day?

“I… may have noticed one or two little things in that direction.”

“Good. Means you’re not entirely blind.”

He stretched his arms, then stood up from his chair.

“Right, bedtime.”

And just like that, he strolled down the common room, and disappeared up the stairs.

Well, that was… interesting, Hannah thought.

*

An hour or two later, Hannah sat in her room, alone. Apparently, Lady Fairweather had instructed Tymen to book them separate rooms. She’d eaten her stew by herself, mulling over Tymen’s words. She replayed his gravelly voice in her head. “She didn’t take it well when Julia left”. So that was why Elza had been so nasty – she’d been jealous of her ex-girlfriend (who had, according to Tymen, dumped her) walking into her store with what probably would have looked like her new partner. Hannah casually mentioning their peeing practice together would have rubbed even more salt in that wound. No wonder she was upset – though that doesn’t excuse her stabbing me with safety pins. Or calling me fat!

Thinking back, Hannah remembered that Julia had already been acting weird before they entered the store. Maybe she’d been nervous. Having to take her new date to see her ex, knowing she’d have to watch the old flame undress the new one… I can imagine how hard that would be.

She felt bad for Julia. I shouldn’t have left her like that. As she changed into her nightgown, she resolved she’d make it up with Julia first thing tomorrow.

Then, just as she made to crawl into her bed, there was a knock on her door.

She opened the door.

Julia stood in the hallway, wearing a simple grey shift.

“Hey.”

Hannah hesitated. “Hey, Julia”.

“Can I come in?”

Hannah stepped aside. “Yes, of course.” She closed the door behind Julia.

“Look, I’m… so sorry. About the whole thing”, Julia said in a soft voice, wringing her hands. “I never should have brought you there, I should have known Elza would be… unkind.”

She hesitated for a second. “The thing is… she and I used to be together. For a while, a few years ago.”

Hannah nodded. “Tymen told me.”

“It was nice at the start, but it didn’t really work out. The shop came between us, I think.” Julia fidgeted a little, seemingly looking for the right words. “It always was more important to her than it was to me, but in the end it… felt like it was more important to her even than I was.”

Hannah nodded. She could see Elza being passionate about that, no matter how much she said she didn’t value passion.

“So anyway, I ended it. It was… difficult. Tymen got me a place with Lady Fairweather, which really rescued me. I saw Elza only once after that, a few weeks after, to pick up some of my things.”

“That must have been hard”, Hannah said as she sat down on the edge of the bed, gesturing for Julia to sit down next to her.

Julia sniffed. “She ignored me. I was in there for maybe ten minutes, and she didn’t so much as look at me. So I guess it could have been worse.” She crossed her legs.

Hannah cleared her throat. “I’m sorry too. I should have known you’d never put me in a position like that on purpose. And I shouldn’t have stormed off like that.”

Julia smiled wanly. “Well, you were upset – and understandably so. I guess I hoped Elza would have moved on since then, that maybe I could talk to her. But I should have gone there by myself, not brought you into the line of fire.”

Hannah smiled. “Ah, well. Let’s just blame Elza. No fault of either of us she’s a deranged hag.”

Julia giggled – and squeezed her thighs together.

Hannah looked at her and raised her eyebrows.

Julia blushed a little. “Oh, yes. I… brought a gift. A token of reconciliation.”

Hannah looked at her incredulously. “You brought… a full bladder?”

“I’ve been holding it since dinner”, Julia said, smiling hopefully at Hannah as she shifted around a little. “I thought it might cheer you up.”

Hannah couldn’t help but laugh. Julia looked at her uncertainly. “It’s okay if you don’t want to…”

Hannah bent forward and kissed her.

Julia kissed her back. Her lips felt soft, and warm. They moved closer, Hannah’s hand moving around Julia’s waist, embracing her. She could feel Julia squirm a little, even as her arms moved around Hannah’s back.

Still kissing, Hannah shuffled backwards on the bed, pulling Julia with her. Then, pulling apart, she quickly stood up, laid her hands on Julia’s shoulders, and pushed her down onto the bed. She climbed over her, her knees on either side of Julia’s thighs, straddling her. Bending forward, she kissed her again, placing one arm on the mattress to help support her, tangling the fingers of her other hand in Julia’s hair.

She felt Julia reach around her back with one hand, pulling her close. Looking down for a second, she saw her other hand was firmly wedged between her thighs.

Hannah grinned slowly, kissing Julia again.

“Since dinner, you said?”, she said in a low voice.

Julia closed her eyes and smiled, pressing herself close against Hannah’s body, wriggling a little. “That’s just when I started to feel it. I haven’t peed since that tea shop.”

“Damn, that’s, what… six hours ago? You must be quite full by now.”

“Bursting”, Julia whispered.

“Describe it to me”, Hannah said, kissing the side of Julia’s neck.

Julia took a slow, shuddering breath.

“My bladder is very, very full. There’s a warm, tingling feeling all around it, radiating out to the rest of my body. And there’s… so much pressure.” She breathed in sharply; Hannah could feel her body twist against her. “The waves are… intense. And… really, really good.”

Hannah continued kissing her neck. She moved her hand out of Julia’s hair and let is explore a bit, caressing her shoulders, her sides, grazing the base of her breast. Julia breath hitched, a voiceless “oh…”.

“I’m feeling a little overdressed, what about you?”, Hannah whispered.

Julia giggled softly as she grabbed Hannah’s nightgown and lifted it up towards her head. She couldn’t quite reach high enough, so Hannah straightened up, still kneeling over Julia, and in one smooth motion pulled the shift over her head. Lying on her back under Hannah’s kneeling form, Julia wriggled herself out of her own gown, still squeezing her thighs together. She finally managed to pull it over her head, then balled it up and threw it aside. She blew a few stray stands off her face, and grabbed herself again.

Hannah lowered herself down next to Julia, kissing her ear. Her hand moved over Julia’s body, stroking her sides, her stomach, and then her breast. Julia moaned softly, squirming a little on the bed.

“Gods, yes… that’s so much better when I’m full…”

Suddenly, Hannah felt Julia tense under her touch, gasping softly.

“Was that…?”

“Yes”, Julia breathed. She took Hannah’s hand and gently guided it down. Hannah’s fingertips brushed over Julia’s belly, down to the waistband of her panties. And below that…

Wet cotton.

Hannah felt goosebumps appear on her arms as she slowly rubbed her fingers over Julia’s crotch, feeling the hot, wet fabric wrinkle under her touch. Her breath hitched when she felt Julia’s hand reach between her own legs, mirroring her motions.

They kissed again.

Hannah moved her mouth down, kissing Julia’s neck. She felt another bloom of warmth under her fingers as Julia leaked again. Her own breath came slowly, heavily, contrasting with Julia’s quick, shallow breaths as she fought to hold it just a little longer.

Both their hands moved slightly faster now. Hannah moved down a bit further, kissing Julia’s shoulders, her collarbone. Julia’s hand moved under the waistband of Hannah’s panties, her fingers slipping between the warm, wet folds of her sex. Hannah continued to work Julia’s soaked panties.

Julia leaked again, a longer spurt this time.

Hannah moaned softly.

She moved down further still, kissing the slope of Julia’s breast, the side, the nipple.

Julia moaned.

Another leak.

“Hannah…”

Hannah gave the nipple one last kiss, then looked up.

“I have to pee”, Julia breathed.

“Don’t hold back”, Hannah whispered, slipping her hand into Julia’s drenched panties.

She held on for a few more seconds, locking Hannah’s hand in place as she squeezed her thighs together.

Then she let go.

Hannah felt the stream gush between her fingers. She cupped Julia’s sex with her hand, feeling it splatter against her palm.

“Gods… yes…”

They writhed against each other, rubbing, kissing, peeing.

“Ohhhhh…”

Then, fireworks. Bolts of lightning, sparking from her pussy, shooting up her back, down her legs. Eyes closed, mouth open, she threw her head back. She could feel Julia bucking under her touch, reaching her climax at exactly the same moment, still peeing.

It took Hannah a minute to catch her breath, lying on her side, panting into Julia’s neck. She watched as Julia breasts moved up and down.

She kissed her neck again.

Then her mouth.

“That…”

She took a slow, deep breath.

“...was the best shopping trip I’ve ever had.”

