Another day in the literature club

Author: Peainthepod30

*000*2022-07-14 08:11

This is a ddlc omorashi story. There's not a lot of this and to fix that I'm writing it myself.

The day begins in the literature club like any other. Except the lack of people its just Monika and she's squirming a lot in her chair.

Monika: hey player.

Player (you): hey Monika. Do you need to pee or smth?

Monika: yeah. But they're remodelling the women's restroom.

Player (you): can't you just go home?

Monika: normally yes. but tonight is the monthly clubs meeting. So I can't.

Player (you): oh ok. Well there's always the men's room.

Monika: hell no!

You sit down at his desk setting your stuff down waiting for the other members to arrive. But while doing so you fall asleep.

Around 45 minutes later you are awoken by sayori snapping furiously at you.

Player (you) (groggily): uh.. huh??

Sayori: he's awake!

Sayori smiles at you.

Yuri: does anyone want tea?

Sayori and natsuki walk over to Yuri to have some tea.

You decide to as well.

Monika is now squirming in her seat even more.

Yuri (calmly): you don't want any Monika?

Monika: hrng.. n-no thank

Monika struggles to speak as she holds back her golden flood.

Monika: no thank you....

Yuri: ok. It's here if you want it though

You look at Monika and feel very bad.

Player (you): cheers guys!

Yuri sayori and natsuki: cheers!

You all gulp you tea down and enjoy it.

Monika: I'm gonna go find a book to read. Forgot mine at home.

Monika gets up but you can see she is clearly struggling.

You look back over at Yuri natsuki and sayori.

Player (you): well I guess I'm gonna go read with natsuki now. So I guess you two can read together.

You and natsuki go back to your reading corner and continue reading whatever manga natsuki has.

Sayori slips which causes a loud sound to be heard.

You bolt up and look at sayori. She seemed to slip on.. a liquid?

Natsuki: is this tea Yuri?

Yuri: it could be.

Natsuki: it doesn't smell like tea. Wait a minute.. is that pee?

Player (you): uhh... That's odd.

You lie even though you know it was probably Monika.

Natsuki: Monika? Did you piss yourself???

Monika: erm... Uhh... Maybe?

Natsuki runs out of the room. Presumably to puke.

Yuri closes her eyes and gasps.

Monika runs out of the room.

Sayori continues to sit in the piss.

You offer sayori help and she accepts.

The bell rings and it's time to leave.

You grab your things and head out.

The end

So what'd you think?

