Bulletproof and Invisible

Author: PCPort

*000*2017-03-26 16:42

"How did I get here?"

That singular question was all that Janette Winry could think as squirmed in discomfort. She was huddled in a corner in the bathroom of a hitman, as said hitman showered. Janette had been assigned to this mission with nothing but an invisibility serum and a lockpick. And she truly had nothing else. The invisibilty serum wouldn't work on clothing. The datapad that Janette needed was located the 31st story of a fancy apartment building, contained in a bathroom safe. Janette had just managed to get the mission-critical datapad and was about to escape, when the Jackson Mamba returned home.

He was about 6', with long, deep brown hair. He was astonishingly average-looking. Maybe that was how he managed to kill his targets completely undetected and untracable. Janette quickly took the serum, and moved to a corner behind a potted plant as the Mamba strode in. To Janette's horror, the Mamba began to strip. What horrified her even more was the feeling of arousal she began to feel. As she realized this, a strong tingling, prickling sensation made itself known. Janette had to pee. Badly.

"[Kuuuu...! Is this the work of that damn serum?!]"

Janette tried to remember the part of her briefing detailing the side effects of the invisibility serum. She began to fidget more and more, her shortish red curls (among other things) bouncing. She covered her urethral area with her hands, but it didn't help much. She looked around the room, panicking slightly.

"[Urggh!! Nothing! Nothing!]"

She glanced up at the potted plant. Her eyes lit up.

TO BE CONTINUED...

Maybe.

Probably.

Depends on what you guys think.

*003*2017-03-27 16:15

{{19 hours ago, Bellatrix1 said:

So far so good

}}

{{15 hours ago, JLH99 said:

I'm intrigued.

}}

Thank you both! Glad you enjoy my writing.

*008*2017-03-31 18:34

(Author's Note: Soo, I decided to get incredibly meta for Part 2... You'll see.)

Janette stood, cautiously. One wrong move and she would lose control, which in turn would give away her position. She leaned towards the potted plant, took a deep breath, and pushed gently with her urethral muscles. A small stream gushed out, and Janette couldn't help but let out a little moan of pleasure.

"Haahh~ <That feels heavenly...>"

The shower masked any noise, fortunately. Out of the corner of her eye, Janette noticed the muscled arm of the Mamba reach for the shower handle. She jumped, and quickly shoved her hands into her crotch in an attempt to force her floodgates to close. Pee sprayed all over the plant and Janette's hands, but she managed to stop just as the shower turned off. The Mamba slipped into his green tailcoat and moved to exit the bathroom, but stopped in the doorway. He drew in a deep breath.

Janette froze. "<How good is his sense of smell??>"

The Mamba shook his head, and strode out. Janette relaxed, before remembering that she was still miserably desperate and clutching herself again. She staggered back over to the plant. This time she didn't hold back, and the contents of her massive bladder spilled out of her swollen urethra.

"Ahhaaaauuuuuhhhhhhhhhhhhhh." Her eyes watered from the pleasure. Now that she was able to operate at full capacity (Sorry), she managed to pull off a clean escape without any suspicion.

*Beebeep* *Beebeep*

...

"This is Mamba. Master, can you hear me?"

"Loud and clear. What's the situation?"

"The operative took the bait. Instead of the datapad depicting your base of operations, she escaped with some sort of weird internet fanfic."

"Good! Heh. I can't wait to see the look on the Minister of Defense's face. What a wonderful April Fool's prank. Well, talk to you later."

"Mm-hmm."

