Desperate Bus Ride

Author: PieIsGood

*000*2017-07-22 07:05

"I told you to go during passing period!", Andrea said slightly concerned while also curious what would happen to her crush no No, friend!

"Well I didn't so I get to hold it on the bus while you do your home work or something."

"Yep! Im not helping you either! Your all on your own this time Danny!"

So they made their way to the back of the bus and while for the first to stops everything was smooth by the third stop Andrea couldn't ignore Dan any more. She could see another girl eyeing him and quickly moved her backpack and body to cover him up. She wouldn't let her friend be humiliated! However quickly enough she couldn't control herself, and there she was and he looked so cute. He was now squirming and had is hands between his legs but not quite on his cock. His face looked so vulnerable.

"You can go at my house."

"Huh!" She had startled him and that was reflected in his jump and then how his hands were now squeezing his cock although through two layers of fabric she wan't sure how effective it would be.

"You can't make it to your house given your condition so come to my house." She could see in his face his pride was hurt but she knew he wouldn't make it given how many close calls they had previously. So as expected,

"Thanks" It was short and quite but she knew it would help Danny's pride. She also started to make a plan for getting off the bus. Most people would be off, but he could wrap her sweatshirt around his waist and then his pride might stay a bit in tact.

### Sorry it's not done yet I accidentally posted it ^^ It should be done by tomorrow night or so Thank You for waiting!

