A Rainy Afternoon

Author: petitewonder

*000*2023-04-07 23:06

Disclaimer: First attempt at writing original omo lmao.

Raindrops pattered lightly against the train windows, sprinkling the flowers in bloom outside. A little chilly in early Spring, it wasn’t warm enough to completely forgo winter attire, but was just cold enough for a light comfy jacket. Rebecca leaned back in her seat, enjoying the quiet comfort of the heated train car, and the company of Blane, one of her roommates, as they headed into the countryside for a much needed vacation. Their other roommate, Helen, had a few things to finish at work and would be joining them the following day.

Rebecca tried her best not to blatantly stare at Blane, but the soft smile he gave her made her blush as she returned it. They’d been dancing around one another for months now, and while Helen blessedly had not said a word as she gazed amusedly at her two best friends, she’d always find subtle ways to tease them.

Rebecca hadn't traveled by train much in the past but was thoroughly enjoying the experience; the rhythmic movement, the softness of the seat, the ambience of the rain outside.

As their journey continued, Rebecca’s eyelids grew heavy, and she felt almost like she might drift off to sleep.

She had nearly dozed off entirely, before she noticed movement out of the corner of her eye.

She glanced over to find Blane shifting slightly in his seat, worrying his thumbnail between his teeth. Maybe he was also antsy for their trip to begin, especially with how stressful work had been for all of them the past few months. They’d chosen a little local hotel, near enough to nature for long walks and a bit of swimming, but not far enough into the woods for camping. It would be calm, and peaceful and–

Blane began bouncing leg, exhaling heavily as he stared out the window of the train.

Maybe he was more stressed out than Rebecca thought.

“You doing alright?” she asked softly.

When he turned to look at her, she could see the worry clouding his bright blue eyes.

“Oh fine and dandy I suppose. Enjoying the great weather,” he deadpanned.

She giggled and shook her head. “At least there’s no lightning yet.”

“Yet,” he repeated, with a smirk that made her heart flutter.

They fell into a relaxed silence again.

Rebecca didn’t want to push him into talking about something he wasn’t prepared to. She decided to let it go for now, but to keep a bit of a closer eye on him, just in case.

The next time Rebecca glanced down at her phone, she was glad to see they were only about half an hour away now.

She looked up at Blane to tell him, and found him now bouncing both of his legs, his hands resting on his thighs like he was trying not to grip them. He kept craning his neck towards the window as fields and hills passed them by, as if he could somehow will the train to go faster if he leaned forward enough.

“You sure you’re okay?” Rebecca asked again.

Blane’s eyes darted to meet hers before falling to the floor. “Uh, yeah just really have to piss,” he mumbled, his cheeks turning a bright red.

Rebecca felt hot all over and her stomach swooped.

She hadn’t disclosed her kink to either of her roommates, but knowing right now that Blane’s squirming was because of a desperate, pulsing need…

She quietly took a deep breath before regarding Blane again, setting all that aside for the time being. It would do nothing for her kink if Blane were to be legitimately distressed by the whole situation.

More than anything, she didn’t want him to feel bad or self-conscious, especially over something he couldn’t control.

“We’re only about a half hour away from the station,” she assured him gently. “And the hotel is within walking distance.”

Blane groaned and pressed his heated cheek against the cool glass of the window.

Her heart definitely went out to him in that moment. Blane was far more outgoing than she was, but he didn’t like being the center of attention unless he himself had been the one to draw it from others.

Rebecca watched as one of Blane’s hands traveled hesitantly up and down his thigh, like he was trying to decide if it was worth it to grip himself through his pants or not.

“So I read a list once of ways to distract yourself from uh, that,” Rebecca suggested, feeling her blush deepen. She felt guilty just sitting there, trying not to stare at him.

His eyebrows rose expectantly and she continued, hoping he wouldn't ask her how she came across the information.

“Distracting your mind with something moderately complex can be helpful. Like a riddle. What goes up but never comes down?”

Blane appeared to be thinking about it, the tip of his tongue coming out to rest on his lower lip as he pondered it.

“A rocketship that gets lost in space?”

“I mean, that’s a good answer, and true, but not the official answer.”

Blane went back to pondering her question before he got hit by a sharp wave of need, turning his body as far away from the aisle as he could, quickly shoving his hands between his legs.

"Fuck. Sorry,” he apologized, cheeks going scarlet. “I shouldn’t…uhm–be so indecent.”

“It’s okay,” Rebecca told him, her heart aching as she watched him curling into his own grip, trying with everything he had to hold on.

She hated seeing him so upset. There was something to be said about knowing intimately the pleasure of holding and the ecstasy of relief when you wanted it to happen that helped her to truly understand the predicament of someone who didn't want it at all.

As the train continued on its route, a sheen of sweat broke out across Blane’s brow. He began to shift from side to side bringing his hand to rest on his knee before shoving it between his legs again. His gaze darted frantically around the train car; he didn’t want people to suspect him of doing something obscene.

Rebecca could see the desperate panic in his eyes, the tight set of his jaw, the strain of his muscles as he fought to maintain control.

Eventually (although what probably felt like an eternity to Blane), the train pulled into the station. Rebecca stood and slung the strap of her duffle bag over her shoulder.

Blane was still in his seat across from her.

He pressed his thighs together, standing slowly, inching up to his full height. When he got about halfway, he cursed out loud, before clamping his hand down on his cock through his pants.

Rebecca blushed and did her best to avert her gaze without being obvious.

He jerked his hand away as more people maneuvered their way into the aisle, lining up and exiting in an orderly fashion. The moment Rebecca and Blane’s shoes touched the pavement, he suddenly reached out a hand to grab her arm.

“Okay this is going to be extremely awkward but can you just...” Blane winced, squeezing his eyes shut, as if the words physically pained him to say.” L-let me know if I’ve…if I’ve leaked and then we can dash into the hotel. I don’t wanna go in there if I–”

Rebecca turned red up to her ears but briefly glanced between his legs.

There was a small, wet circle.

“Just a little spot. It’s not really super noticeable unless someone were looking closely at you.”

Blane shifted from foot to foot. “I’ll hold my bag in front of me, let's go!”

They rushed to the building and sped through the doors, slowing down when they reached the lobby.

“Hello there, do you have a reservation?” the guest agent greeted when they approached the front desk.

“Yes, I’d like to check in under Rebecca Robertson, three room suite?”

The receptionist frowned at the screen. “Does Robertson have two Ns, or one N?”

Rebecca heard Blane try his best to muffle a sound of agony behind her. “One,” she replied.

She paid the security deposit and thanked the agent when he gave them their room keys. She handed one to Blane, who grabbed it with trembling, sweaty fingers..

“Becks, I cannot walk up those stairs.”

“That’s fine. We can take the elevator.”

As they rode up to their floor he stood in the corner, still clutching his bag in front of him, his fingers digging into the fabric as if he meant to rip it apart.

“Come on come on come on,” she heard him whisper under his breath.

The doors were barely open before Blane ran out of the elevator, striding quickly towards their room, only to realize he was headed in the wrong direction. He hurried back the right way with Rebecca not too far behind him.

Blane had just arrived at their door and let out a whimper of frustration as he struggled with the room key.

Rebecca inserted her own key pushed open the door for him.

He tossed his duffle bag off to the side and had barely stepped into the bathroom when it happened.

Right behind him and just having closed the door to their suite, Rebecca could only watch as he froze in the doorway, a slight hissing noise emanating from inside. Piss flowed through the light colored fabric of Blane's pants, first soaking through to his thighs, then his calves, and soon a puddle was quickly pooling on the floor.

He let out a garbled sound that may have been relief, or despair, Rebecca wasn’t sure.

Not wanting the pee to soak into the room carpeting, she slipped off her flats and entered the bathroom. She stepped carefully around Blane, yoinked a towel off the sink and laid it to cover the threshold of the door.

Tip toeing around him until she was directly in front of him, she placed a hand on his shoulder.

“Hey,” she said softly, and Blane jolted before giving a slight nod of his head, unable to look up at her.

She was struck with the overwhelming urge to comfort him.

“It’s okay,” she told him gently.

Blane shook his head, pressing his eyes closed tightly.

She lightly squeezed his shoulder. “I used to work at a preschool where some of the kids weren’t potty trained and poop was an every day occurrence. Trust me, this is no where near as bad.”

He merely let out a sniffle in reply.

Rebecca resisted the urge to pull him into a hug.

“I’m a grown man for fuck’s sake. I should be able to-to control myself.”

“You think you’re the first adult to have an accident?” she teased him lightly. “You know how sometimes kids can get too distracted and end up wetting themselves?”

He nodded.

“Well, that can happen to adults too. We get so used to our routines and are always on the go, that if something is even slightly different, it can throw us off entirely. Your commute to work is usually pretty short so you can drink your big mug of coffee in the morning without even thinking about it. But today, we took a train.”

He let out a sigh. “Yes but even so I still–-I'm disgusting, and…and pitiful, and gross…”

Rebecca shook her head. “I don’t think that way about you at all. Especially over something you can’t help.”

Blane sniffled again, unable to help the whiny tone in his voice. .

“But Becks, I’m sopping wet from my own piss, and so is the floor, and it’s all over your feet!”

Rebecca bit the inside of her cheek. She wasn’t really planning to tell Blane her secret, especially on this trip, and possibly ever, but her words didn’t seem to be getting through to him.

“Okay so…you’ve, had an embarrassing moment today so I’ll…tell you one of mine,” she began.

Blane looked up at her in interest, and it was all she could do not squirm in her nervousness.

“So it’s…I can’t really enjoy it at all, if the other person is upset about it, but if that’s not the case or they're just a little bit embarrassed about it then um…”

She blushed furiously, awkwardly gesturing around the bathroom and towards Blane as well. “This kind of thing is kind of…kind of a thing for me.”

Blane’s eyes widened and she couldn’t meet his gaze.

“Seriously?” he whispered.

She squeezed her eyes shut and nodded.

“Well, that certainly makes me feel better,” he said, huffing a laugh.

Rebecca opened her eyes and Blane smiled at her. She was relieved to see him more at ease, no longer crying and ashamed.

“Do you think…you could um, help me with this? I mean, only if you want to” he asked shyly, gesturing to his soaked pants.

She smiled at him gently and nodded her head.

*002*2023-04-11 21:16

{{1 hour ago, plas broek said:

Great story!

}}

Thanks! :3

