To punish a thief

Author: peorth

*000*2018-03-09 17:38

/ male desp / bondage / bladder control / diuretic / femdom

###

It's normal for me to get stuck in situations like this. I'm a thief, and I'm used to being thrown in jail for my crimes.

However, I must've not been thinking when I decided I'd try to steal from the palace. I made it pretty far past the royal guards, but I didn't last long when I snuck into the cellar and got my hands on a shiny golden neckalace.

My mind was racing. I had it in my hands, a piece of royal jewelry. How much could I sell it for? What would I buy with it.

I guess I didn't hear the footsteps behind me.

"Thief!" a girl shouts. That girl, with her auburn hair and beady brown eyes, is the princess.

"P-please don't call the guards!" I plead. "I'll put the jewelry down, I'll leave at once...!"

The royal dungeon's conditions were awful. A good friend of mine had barely made it out alive.

"Oh," she whispers. "For a thief, you're rather handsome."

"You're gorgeous," I smile, hoping I can flatter her enough to where she'll just let me leave.

"I wouldn't want to see you rot away in the dungeon," the princess laughs. "I'm Eleanor, and you are...?"

"Nicholas," I bow.

"Well, Nicholas, I mustn't let you leave so fast." Eleanor sighs. "You're quite under arrest."

"Wait!" I shout. "You just said you didn't want me to rot away in the dungeon."

Eleanor walks up to me, putting me in a chokehold. Rather strong for a delicate young lady. "It's not what I want to do."

###

###

I wake up in pain. My body is shaking from the cold.

I notice the chains.

"Please, let me out!" I scream. "I'll do anything!"

"Oh, do be quiet," Eleanor snaps, running into the room with a plate of tomatoes and cucumbers. A glass of tea threatens to pour out of the cup. "You aren't even in the worst part of the dungeon."

I raise an eyebrow. The room seems isolated enough. "Your Majesty, how do you expect me to eat that? My hands are chained up rather tightly."

"I can undo them," Eleanor suggests.

My dry throat welcomes the tea. I drink it up rather fast, despite the lack of sugar or honey. I thank her for the food, although it's not the best. She had probably given me the royal garden's lowest quality produce.

"I'm afraid I'll be putting these back on now," Eleanor sighs, forcing my hands back into the cuffs.

"How long am I under arrest?" I groan. "Even if I don't have it so bad, I'd prefer to run around a bit."

"We'll see," Eleanor winks. "Enjoy your tea."

"I just drank my tea," I mutter. What a strange princess.

The door shuts and locks. I'm a bit hesitant to go back to sleep, considering the soreness in my arms.

A few minutes later, I recall the smug grin on her face as she says "Enjoy your tea." She must've spiked it, I groan, suddenly feeling discomfort around my crotch.

"Your Majesty!" I scream. "Are you still there?"

In theory, I could wait— this was a normal "Hey, I'm going to go take a piss", a 3 out of 10 on the desperation scale— but Eleanor never told me when she was coming back.

"Your Majesty!" I yell at the top of my lungs. "I need help!"

"Shut up!" My cell neighbor shouts.

I guess it's fine, I thought. But it doesn't take the diuretics too long to really kick in. In just 10 minutes, my penis begins to throb as a whole liter of water threatens to flood my jeans.

Thankfully, it remains at a 6. An hour later, although I'm still in great discomfort, my boxers are still dry and my bladder is tightly shut.

The door creaks. Eleanor's face pops out from the door. A spurt of warm piss sprays into my boxers from the excitement. "Nicholas, I'm back."

"Thank God!" I exclaim. "Your majesty, I've been needing to relieve myself for a while now. Would you mind unchaining my hands?"

She tilts her head. "Nicholas, I haven't brought you any food to eat, but I did bring some more tea."

Tea? Tea was the last thing I needed right now.

"May I have my hands released so I can drink the tea, then?"

"I'm afraid not," Eleanor frowns. "Only if you're eating food."

"Did you hear me?" I snap. "I've got to relieve myself, or you'll have quite the mess to clean up."

Eleanor grins, kneeling down to face me. "I'll make a deal with you, alright? I'm sure you've made deals with other criminals before, so this shouldn't be a problem for you."

"Alright," I say with unease.

Eleanor looks at me, giving me solid eye contact. "I'll let you relieve yourself in 30 minutes, and then you can go home. However, if you don't comply, I reserve the right to keep you here for another day."

"Thirty minutes." I nod. I'm leaning towards a seven, and I'm not leaking just yet. "Alright, I'll do it."

"Very well," Eleanor grins, watching me with amusement. I don't want her to know just how full my bladder really is, but I can't help squirming in place of using my hands.

"It's only been an hour," Eleanor laughs. "You can't have to go that badly."

I want to accuse her of slipping diuretics into my tea, but I also really want to go home. As if reading my mind, she holds up my teacup and lifts it towards my lips. "Drink up, Nicholas."

I shake my head, trying to keep my focus on my vulnerable bladder.

"That's fine," Eleanor whispers into my ear. "I'll just add another ten minutes."

I could do thirty, but with a bladder approaching a seven, forty seemed to be impossible. Then again, I wouldn't make it past twenty if I drank it.

"Would you rather hold two cups of tea for thirty minutes, or one cup for an hour?"

"An hour?!" I yelp. "Thirty plus ten is not an hour."

"Would you like to go home?" Eleanor winks.

"Y-yes," I groan. "Can you loosen my pants a bit, though?"

She holds the teacup to my mouth while it's still open. Her hand is resting unapologetically on my waist, so I hurry and drink the tea so she can let go of me.

"How much longer do I have left?" I whimper, staring down at my still dry pants.

"Twenty-four minutes," she whispers, looking down at her pocketwatch.

Twenty-four, I moan, staring longingly at my poor little cock. It's absolutely begging for a piss right about now. I wish my hands were free so I could grip it tightly. If I could just go twenty four minutes without soaking my pants, I could go home.

As my desperation well passes 7 and begins to grow to an 8, I'm tempted to ask for the time again. It hasn't been that long, though, and I don't want her to know how desperate I am.

"It's rather chilly down here," Eleanor mumbles, touching the floor softly. "Are you cold?"

"Not really," I reply. She crawls towards me, putting her cold hand on my lower tummy. There's a brief hiss between my legs, and I can tell that she heard it, because she presses even harder on that spot.

"Please stop," I moan softly, grinding myself on her leg. It's the only resistance I can get with my hands chained so tightly above me.

She lets me relax on her leg for a while, but when I've finally made myself comfortable, she pulls herself away from me.

She takes amusement to my next hiss, scanning my trousers for any sign of moisture. "Your face is turning red, thief..."

"How much longer do I have?" I whimper, pushing my bulge against the floor.

"Just 15 minutes," she smiles. "You're halfway there."

I can tell she doesn't want me to win. Her cheeks turn pink from seeing me squirm, all chained up and helpless. Her innocent eyes are full of sadistic thirst as she watches me try my very best to last just fifteen more minutes, an impossible task while I'm at her mercy.

"Can you please... loosen my pants a bit," I cry, looking down at the waistband that's digging into my bladder.

"Where do I loosen it?" she asks coyly, making sure to press as hard as possible on my aching muscles. My boxers start to feel wet, but my trouser are still not giving away my secrets to her. She must have excellent hearing, or perhaps she somehow felt the liquid escape my body, because everytime I release a few drops of urine into my boxers, she looks down as if she expects to see me wet in action.

"Please, please let go," I cry, trying to move her cold hand off of my body. "Forget about it, please."

"Oh dear," Eleanor sighs, looking down at her pocketwatch. Am I almost finished?

"How much longer?" I ask, in indescribable discomfort.

"Ten minutes," Eleanor reads. "But that's not the issue."

"What is it?" I plead. "What's the issue?"

"You left some tea in your cup," Eleanor sighs. "I wouldn't want it going to waste, but I wouldn't dare drinking from the cup of a thief."

I look in awe at the amount that remains. It's not much, but I can't bring myself to drink it. There's just... 10 more...

Drip, drip, drip.

Drip, drip, drip.

"How sad," Eleanor frowns. "And it was such a marvelous blend, too."

"S-stop..." I cry, looking at Eleanor apathetically pouring the tea onto the ground. I feel myself dribble into my boxers, and she catches me just on time to see the first wave of urine make an unmistakable dark spot on the front of my pants.

"Please have mercy on me," I sob, holding on for dear life. "Please, please help me, I can't hold it anymore..!"

"7 minutes," Eleanor laughs sadistically, watching me dribble in my pants. "You must really not want to go home."

I'm at a 9. I can still hold on, but if I let my guard off for a second, I'll be laying in a large golden puddle on the floor. I wish my bladder understood the situation I was in.

My hands shake the chains as I try to pull them down. The chains around my feet don't stretch far enough for me to cross my legs. Piss periodically sprays out of the front of my soaked jeans.

"There's only five minutes left," Eleanor giggles. She knew this would happen. I wouldn't be surprised if she had done this before, and had found a good average time that her prisoners could last on her diuretic concoction. Of course I wasn't going to win, I couldn't wi– God, Nicholas, you can't give up yet, it's just five minutes!

"Oh, you're just absolutely adorable!" Eleanor moans, touching herself from under her dress. "I wouldn't mind if you didn't make it home today, not at all!"

"P-please," I sob. Water leaks from my eyes, and I just know what pressure my body's about to release.

As my situation approaches a 10, I'm not able to talk without dribbling, but I'm able to get out a "How much longer?" without doing too much damage.

"O-One and a half minutes," Eleanor moans, rubbing herself harder.

"G-god..." I mumble, tears pouring out of my eyes as a threatening hiss accompanies a stream of golden liquid that begins running down my legs. I'm not relieving myself yet, not until her watch tells me I'm totally ready. "Am I there yet...?"

"Just 45 seconds," Eleanor pants, staring with delight at the golden puddle forming below me.

I start a mental countdown, but before I can make it to 26, there's a loud violent hiss and a stream of gold forces its way out of my pants. With my trousers completely soaked, the liquid makes a gentle arch that lands about seven inches in front of me. Eleanor watches my golden fountain with content, and while I'm certainly not excited to stay in a dungeon for another day, I'm finally able to lean back and enjoy the best piss of my life. I let out a loud moan as my muscles relax and my crotch warms up with hot urine.

My stream finally comes to a stop, and the regret definitely hits me. "How much longer did I have left?"

"T-twenty-two seconds..." she whispers. "T-that's the best I've seen so far..."

So I was right. She hadn't ever expected me to make it. She enjoyed my little show for an entire half hour, and she never truly planned to let me go.

Night comes, and Eleanor is long gone, but I still remember the pleasure on her face as I leaked urine into my trousers.

And, you know what's strange? I can't even blame her. That was the most relief I've ever had in my life.

*002*2018-03-10 08:43

{{7 hours ago, YourFNF said:

Really interesting story, though I'm kinda confused is this a medieval or modern setting?

}}

Oh, more of a modern setting. I'm a huge fan of the fantasy genre, though, so it has medieval aspects mixed in. Thanks for asking, I forgot to clarify that.

