Omovember 2020: Day 18

Author: PPP

*000*2020-11-20 03:32

$$

I floated this one a while back as part of a vote for which story I would do. It didn't get an votes, but with a little tweaking, the idea was perfect for Omovember!

###

Day 18: Peeing in a container Noodle (Gorillaz)

###

LIVE 2-NITE @ 7 PM! GORILLAZ! W/ 2D MURDOC RUSSEL & NOODLE!

Noodle looked over the flyer again and sighed. She had been with the band since the start, ever since she was eight years old, and she had been through some tough times. She’d been attacked by zombies, hunted by the government, and replaced with a cyborg (long story). But she’d take all that in a heartbeat over the Los Angeles traffic she was currently stuck in.

“Excuse me!” called 2D, the band’s sensitive lead singer, from the driver’s seat. “Excuse me! Let me pass please!”

“Give it up,” muttered Russel, the hulking, stoic drummer of the group. “We’re goin’ nowhere.”

2D groaned and beat his head against the steering wheel.

“Don’t worry, we’ll be there eventually,” Noodle reassured him. The three of them were piled into the band’s van, on their way to their next gig. They’d agreed to meet Murdoc there; the foul-tempered, foul-smelling, all-around-foul bass player had a bad history behind the wheel. Noodle had drawn the short straw, and was now riding in the back of the van alongside the band’s equipment. She leaned back and tried to make herself comfortable. Something told her she’d be there a while…

Noodle had just closed her eyes to try and get some sleep when 2D’s cell phone rang.

“Hello?” he asked. Even from the back of the van, Noodle could hear the screaming response on the other end of the line.

“C-calm down, Murdoc!” 2D gasped. “We’re on our way; there’s just a little traffic.” More screaming. “Well, maybe more than a little.” 2D paused. “Sorry, could you repeat that? What? You’re going to shove my microphone where?” He gulped. “No, I understand. See you.” 2D hung up and sighed. “It’s Murdoc. He’s pissed.”

“Figures,” grumbled Russel.

“I’ll talk to him when we get there,” said Noodle. “He’s always had a soft spot for me.”

Or rather, if we get there, she added mentally.

The minutes ticked by as the van inched forward. Her bandmates weren’t much for conversation, so Noodle kept herself busy by reciting some of the band’s greatest hits in her head. She hummed her way through 19-2000 and On Melancholy Hill, then got started on Feel Good Inc.

City’s breaking down on a camel’s back, she sang in her head.

They just have to go ‘cause they don’t know whack

So while you fill the streets, it’s appealing to see

You won’t get undercounted and I have to pee...

Wait, what? thought Noodle. That’s not how it goes! It seemed her bladder was sending her brain signals; namely, that it was dangerously full. This didn’t exactly come as a surprise; Noodle hadn’t been to the bathroom since the morning. Still, it was certainly an inconvenience.

“Russel?” she called. “Do you know when we’ll get there?”

“Should be about another hour,” Russel replied. “Why do you ask?”

“Oh, no reason,” said Noodle. She crossed her legs and tried to hold back the flood inside her.

I can make it, she told herself. I’m not a little girl anymore; I can make it.

As time continued to pass at an agonizingly slow pace, Noodle began to doubt her claims. Her need to pee was getting worse and worse, and she found she could no longer sit still.

“How much longer now?” she asked, dreading the response.

“At least half an hour,” said Russel.

“Someone’s eager to get the show started, eh?” laughed 2D.

“Heh, yeah,” Noodle giggled nervously. She reached up and closed the window connecting the back of the van to the front seats. At least that way, her bandmates wouldn’t see her squirming. And squirm she did, rocking back and forth with her hands jammed between her legs.

I gotta pee so bad! she moaned internally. Okay Noodle, keep it together. You can hold it in for a little longer. You-

Noodle’s thoughts were interrupted by a drop of urine leaking into her panties. Although she tried to stop it, more drips followed, and she realized she was seconds away from a wet, humiliating accident. She frantically looked for something, anything, she could use as a makeshift toilet. After a few desperate seconds, Noodle’s eyes fell on an empty bottle of Murdoc’s Jägermeister.

Not ideal, she thought, but any port in a storm.

Her hands trembling, Noodle pulled down her shorts and underwear. A couple drops of pee fell to the floor of the van, but she quickly held the neck of the bottle up to her crotch. Reasonably sure she had the opening over her urethra, Noodle let her bladder go. She felt her pee flow through her then, to her relief, into the bottle. Noodle sighed in relief as it filled with the warm yellow liquid. She prayed the window was blocking sound as well as sight. Her urine continued to flow until the bottle was nearly full, then began to taper off. Once she was completely drained, Noodle carefully removed and recapped the bottle. To her relief, not a drop spilled.

Well, that went better than expected, she thought. Still, I’d rather not do that again.

After that, the traffic finally let up and the van soon arrived at the venue. The band hurried out and was unpacking their equipment when they heard approaching footsteps and a growl.

“About time you lot got here!” snapped Murdoc. “Do you have any idea how long I’ve been stalling for time?”

“Sorry,” said Noodle. “There was a lot of traffic. The important thing is that we’re here now.”

“Whatever,” growled Murdoc, which was about as nice a response as they could have hoped for. “God, I need a beer.” To Noodle’s horror, he grabbed a bottle of Jägermeister. The same one she had peed in.

Murdoc popped the cap and held up the bottle.

“Cheers,” he said. Panicking, Noodle pretended to trip and fell towards Murdoc. The two collided, and he dropped the bottle, which shattered on the ground.

“What the hell was that for?” snarled Murdoc, unaware of how he’d been saved.

“Sorry,” said Noodle again. “I, uh, lost my balance.” Murdoc looked at her, then at the spilled liquid. He sniffed, then recoiled in disgust.

Oh God, thought Noodle. Does he realize-

“Er, maybe that was for the best,” said Murdoc. “The Jägermeister’s gone bad, by the smell of it.”

“Well,” said a relieved Noodle, playing along, “don’t leave it in the back next time.”

“Fair enough,” said Murdoc. “Now let’s get this show started.”

They headed towards backstage, and Noodle breathed a sigh of relief, knowing her secret was safe.

###

