The Omorashi Missionary

Author: pinkelpeter

*000*2022-03-08 18:36

I haven't found good ideas for my other story, so I'm starting a new series I've been thinking about. The protagonist will introduce herself, so I don't have to.

Author's note: Convincing people to do something they don't want to, especially in a sexual context, has no place in real life and should stay a fantasy. Don't be dicks.

I'm posting the first "real" chapter as soon as possible. Regard this as a teaser. Enjoy 🙂

Prologue: On a mission

Hi there. Name's Sam. Short for Samantha, not Samwise. I've never felt like a Samantha, all princess-y, so I'm going with Sam. I'm 21 years old, have brown hair and blue eyes, hm, what else... Oh yeah, and I like omorashi. Bet you never would have guessed that if you saw me. When I first realized it turned me on, I felt alone with it. But turns out there is a bunch of wonderful weirdos who are just like me. But still, there are not enough of us. Late one night, when I spent too much time in the dirtier part of the internet, I declared a mission for myself: To get as many people as possible to experience the joys and pleasure of omorashi, to spread the word about this fabulous fetish, to make the world a wetter place.

Of course, most people would be weirded out if I just outright told them to try peeing their pants, so I have to be subtle and create situations where it actually seems like a good choice. Let me tell you, it works great every time. Sometimes, I even managed to convert previously vanilla people and introduce them to a world of desperation and relief, of peeing with pleasure. Some may even read this here and recognize themselves. I'm gonna share some of my favorite stories with you. I hope you enjoy reading them and feel the same kind of accomplishment I felt when I lived them.

*001*2022-03-08 20:45

The first chapter is done now. Let's see where this story will lead. Please tell me what you think. Enjoy 🙂

Chapter 1: Maya - You can't even see it

Ah yes, that one time at the theme park. Where should I start? With Maya, I guess. It's her story after all. Maya and I have known each other for some time already back then, but we weren't as close as we are today. On a day in August, we decided to head to the theme park for the day. I've had plans for Maya for a while, but the right situation didn't arise. On this day, this changed. Maya wore a typical summer's day outfit, a black skirt and a white t-shirt with some obscure indie band she liked. A perfect outfit for my plans. I wore my standard black jeans and a tight white blouse. The kind of black jeans every omo-fan has that doesn't show wetness. Perfect for this occasion.

The sun tried to punish us for being outside. It was hot. Which was great for me, as it was easier to convince Maya to drink absurd amounts of water. Stay hydrated! Of course she didn't think of any other reason back then. We walked around some time, talked about random stuff. I had to pass some time for the effects to show. After an hour, I noticed the slightest change in her style of walking. I knew she was ready for stage two.

"Aw I love roller coasters! Please please please, can we ride it?", I said. I actually do love them, it wasn't a lie.

"Me too! But the queue looks pretty long. Whatever, let's go", Maya said. She quickly got to the end of the queue and I followed. That was surprisingly easy. She doesn't yet know that she has to go, I thought. The queue actually was long, so I had to keep her thoughts occupied. After 10 minutes, she started to shift her legs ever so slightly. I saw a gleam in her eyes. This was the moment she realized. But she didn't yet say anything. After an additional 10 minutes, she shifted her legs again and expressed her feelings.

"How long do you think it will take? All that water's starting to show. Maybe I-", Maya said. I shamelessly interrupted her.

"No more than 10 minutes I'm sure. You're gonna sweat it out until then" I said. The confidence in my voice must have worn off on her, only that my confidence was a good fake. 15 minutes passed and we finally reached the front, the next car was going to be ours. Maya showed some last reluctance.

"I'm sorry, but it's getting bad. Can't we take the next one?", she said. First hints of desperation were in her voice. I had to succeed now or all the waiting would have been for nothing. Good idea!

"And lose our places? Turn around, there are more people now than when we started. It's gonna be an hour until we would reach the front again", I said, walking past her and sitting down in the roller coaster car. I patted the seat next to me and looked at her. She made an "ugh" sound and came over to me. When she sat down, she groaned a bit. Her need increased. When the safety bar engaged, it gave a push on her bladder. She groaned again. She looked at me with big eyes, starting to suspect that this ride might not be all too pleasant.

When the car started the ascent, Maya grew more and more desperate. I'm not gonna lie, it looked pretty hot. The moment I worked hard for was getting nearer. As we slowly approached the first peak, Maya repeatedly looked at me and held on to the bar that was restricting her bladder. Finally, we reached the top.

"Oh god. Aaaah-" she screamed. A normal roller coaster reaction, one would think. I joined her screaming and put my hands up. When we reached the first zero-gravity stage, I heard another scream from her.

"Fuck! No no no!" she said. She looked down at her lap in horror. I knew exactly what happened. The same exact events repeated once more, then a third time. Each time, Maya lost more hope to reach the end without completely losing it. Apparently she had a bladder of steel though, as she was still extremely desperate when the cart slowed down and approached the stop position. Maya tapped her fingers on the safety bar, shifting in her seat, almost vibrating. When the bars finally opened, she shot out of the car and ran away. I had a hard time catching up with her. She constantly whispered "please, please" under her breath. She reached the toilets when I finally caught her. No surprise, the queues were long. We weren't the only people who hydrated themselves on a hot day.

"No, no, I can't- I already lost some spurts in that damned roller coaster. I can't hold it any longer!" Maya said. Her breath was short from running. And probably also from her desperation.

"Come on, quickly. Follow me" I said, darting to a park within the theme park, a big spot of grass with some shade from trees. I sat down and gestured her to do the same.

"W- what? I don't want to sit, I've got to p- fuck" she stuttered. Without better alternatives, she practically fell down next to me and sat on the ground.

"Good. Now. I didn't see anything when we ran here. You're lucky your skirt is black. And now you're sitting on grass. You're safe", I said, trying to have a reassuring and calming voice.

"What do you mean I'm safe? What are you saying? Fuck, I lost another spurt! I'm gonna pee myself!" Maya said, still not realizing what should be obvious by now.

"Just relax. Don't hurt yourself. No one will be the wiser when you sit here." I said.

"But I can't... Oh shit. I can't stop it! Oh my god, I'm peeing myself!" Maya said. Sadly, I wasn't able to see anything under her skirt, but her facial expressions told me all details I needed to have. After a few seconds, Maya tensed up and inhaled sharply as if she wanted to create a vacuum in her bladder.

"Ugh. I finally stopped. Now my panties are wet. I'm not feeling any less full. I have to find a toilet now!" Maya said, starting to get up. I grabbed her arm.

"Wait. What's the point? You're gonna stand in line as desperate as before? Why don't you stay here? Relax again. Let the rest out. It doesn't make a difference, you're wet anyway." I tried to convince her. She seemed tired. She quickly looked around, seeing the long queue in front of the toilets and some women starting to shift around nervously. She looked down. Of course, you could in fact not see anything on her skirt.

"It seems so wrong. Oh no, another spurt! I'm so tired of holding" Maya said. I almost had her.

"Just let it go. You're gonna feel much better afterwards. What's the point of delaying the inevitable? Just imagine you're sitting on a toilet." I said. And suddenly, it worked. In her eyes, I saw that familiar sequence of emotions. Reluctance. Eyes closed. Mouth opening. Eyebrows crinkling. An ever so slight smile. Eyes opening again. Realizing what she is doing. Slight blushing. Finally, a deep breath when she was done. All tension in her body seemed to leave her with the last drop of pee. She was smiling.

"Congrats. What did I tell you? It's better now, right? I said. She nodded.

"It is. It felt strange. But extremely relieving. My panties are completely drenched now, though." Maya said.

"They're gonna dry quickly, trust me. Most of it probably went straight through." I said.

"Okay. I still feel a bit dirty. Besides, how is it possible that we drank the same amount of water and you're not desperate in any way?" Maya said. Finally, the next phase begins. I saved up for this moment and was getting desperate myself now.

"Well, I am desperate again." I smiled broadly. Maya looked at me, puzzled.

"Again? But we were together all the time, you didn't pee once!" she said.

"Maybe you just didn't notice it? You realize my pants are black, right? I wouldn't have had a chance without a toilet today. It started back in the queue for the roller coaster." I said.

"I didn't realize you were desperate back then. Why didn't you say anything?" Maya said.

"Because, as I said, I didn't want to give up the spot in line. So I just relaxed a bit." I said, pretending to be a bit embarrassed. Maya's eyes grew bigger.

"So you just peed your pants on purpose? I can't believe it!" Maya said. She was surprised, but still curious.

"Maybe I did. But only to ease the tension!" I lied. "I tried to hold it in the roller coaster but couldn't, so I peed some more there. And I'm still desperate now." I said, looking at her expectantly.

"I can't believe it. Prove it.", Maya said. She mocked me: "Just relax!" That was all I needed to hear. I spread my legs, trying to still seem like I was just sitting there without any dirty intentions, and relaxed. It didn't take long. The pee shot into my panties and spread a bit, rewetting them from earlier. They had no chance in obstructing the torrent, so my jeans quickly showed a glistening patch on my crotch. I increased the pressure. A tiny arc formed. When I was starting to feel empty, I stopped. Looked over at Maya. She was fixed on my crotch. I pressed again to get the rest out. My crotch shone up one last time and a few seconds after, the wetness basically disappeared.

"Done!" I said. Maya snapped out of her trance-like stare on my crotch. She was completely baffled.

"It just disappeared! So you were right! But why were you so sure it wouldn't show? That wasn't the first time, right?" Maya said. I smiled.

"It wasn't. I wear these jeans almost every time I go to a theme park or a concert. It's just more convenient that way. No need for long toilet lines or losing your spot. Also it isn't as bad as you thought, right?" I said.

"I guess. Come to think of it, it wasn't unpleasant at all, it was probably the embarrassment that made me nervous. But you were right, it doesn't show on my skirt." Maya said, starting to smile again. "So, should we continue our day?" she said.

We got up and walked around some more. Did the usual theme park stuff. No mention of the previous events from either of us. When it was time to leave and we got to my car, Maya looked at me.

"Let me just go pee again before the drive, I'll be right back. Or I could go in my pants again, haha" she laughed. I knew she wasn't completely joking, otherwise she wouldn't have mentioned it again. Time to go in for the kill.

"Haha yeah, you could. Just give me a sec." I went to the trunk and got two picnic blankets out from it. I slowly opened the driver's door and placed it on my seat. Then I went around the car and gave the second one to her. "I know what I'll do. Feel free to join me." I said. I leaned on my car, spread my legs slightly and pushed. Once more, pee started to pool in my panties and soon breached the cotton barrier. This time, streaks went down my legs and a big portion of my pants started glistening. The moment I was empty and the flow stopped, the shining receded.

"Wow. So you were serious. Well, I guess my panties need washing anyway. You're really sure it's okay? With the car seat and all...", Maya said. I nodded. Maya looked around. The parking lot was deserted and my car was parked directly in front of a wall. She squatted down between the car and the wall. She grabbed the seam of her skirt and pulled it up, probably to make sure it didn't get wet. I had the chance to get an unobstructed look at her. Her grey panties looked completely dry again. I stared at her and waited. And waited. Finally, a small dark patch appeared. Maya stopped. She was surprised. Now she also observed her crotch. She continued. The patch grew bigger for a bit until the material was saturated. Afterwards, her pee started to drop, then flow, out of her panties onto the concrete. She stopped again. The glistening stopped, but the dark grey wetness stayed.

"You're done?" I asked.

"Not yet. There's a bit left", she said. She tensed up and the flow started once more until it finally receded completely. Maya got up again, shifting in place a bit. "Now I'm done."

We sat down on the picnic blankets. Maya didn't think of this before, but she must have felt her butt and thus her skirt get wet now. She didn't appear to be appalled. The drive home was uneventful. We talked about the day, occasionally mentioning the wet events and what each of us felt. When I dropped her off and continued the rest of my drive alone, I felt successful. I was confident that Maya didn't only have an unpleasant accident, but that she secretly enjoyed it. That's where we all started, right? To celebrate my victory, I pushed on my bladder one more time when I stopped at a red light, re-drenched my crotch, and continued driving home.

*002*2022-03-12 20:08

It seems the first chapter wasn't all too bad. Thanks for all the reactions. 🙂

Here's chapter two. It's not (yet) chronological, more like independent episodes that work on their own. Hope you have fun. Enjoy 🙂

Chapter 2: Not only beer

Alice was a fun mission. I had her on my mind for a long time. She had a chronically weak bladder, even more when drunk, and had more close calls than I could count. Our annual visit of the local fun fair should be the perfect opportunity, right? Wrong! I'll come to that in a minute.

So some friends, Alice and I got there, already a bit drunk because we all were cheapskates and drank at home. In German, we say "vorglühen" (literally "pre-heating", like a diesel engine). That term is especially fitting if you vorglüh with Glühwein, hot wine punch. But that's winter stuff, the good fairs and beer fests are always in late summer. Think of Oktoberfest, but less pretentious and way cheaper. I'm getting carried away, you want to know about Alice, right?

So, what's there to know about Alice. She's a bit younger than me, rather petite, blonde hair. She's quite smart and diligent, that's why she enjoys getting drunk once in a while to relax and enjoy the moment. But here comes the problem: She decided to wear jeans today. It's not that jeans are not fit for peeing in them, quite the opposite, but I had no intention of embarrassing her. My mission is to spread pleasure, not shame. There's no way to hide what I wanted her to do in jeans. I was disappointed at first, but yeah, then it's gonna happen next time. I almost forgot my secret plan for the day and just enjoyed the evening. We walked around a bit, ate deep-fried stuff and tried our luck at the lottery booth.

We also followed our yearly tradition of observing drunk people, a fun pastime. The same three dudes as every year quarreling without really hurting each other, some snobs with wine glasses who pretended to actually like the overpriced horrible wine here, and at last my favorite, the mobile toilets. As expected, there were long lines in front of the women's' toilet and short to no lines in front of the men's. Most of the dudes just helped themselves at some poor tree a bit out of the view. It always reminded me a bit of a zombie movie. Dudes standing in shifty positions, making strange noises and then disappearing again. I often thought about what I would do if I were a dude. Yeah, it must be pretty convenient to just whip out the fire hose and extinguish, but I guess that would take the fun out of desperation.

Some of the women in line already showed some sings of desperation, in varying stages. The more severe cases tend to happen later in the night, but even now I heard some of them say those delicious lines like "hurry up, I can't hold it much longer" or "please, I'm nearly peeing myself". This will be a good evening, I thought. Even if I could not work on Alice, I could loiter around the toilets like some weirdo and wait for stuff to happen.

There's usually at least one woman per night who does indeed wet herself, mostly when really drunk, and some are not even embarrassed by it. For now though, we got to our usual place with two benches and a table. A bit like a picnic table, but with separate benches. We sat down and ordered our first "real" drinks of the evening. What else could we have than the signature 1 litre glass of beer, commonly known as "Maßkrug" or just "Maß" (literally "metric"). For people like Alice or me, one of them is enough for about two hours of drinking, maybe even more. I hear your nagging, "when is she getting to the interesting part?". Soon, really soon.

So the evening is progressing, we are all having fun and enjoying ourselves. Alice announced that she will visit the toilet as she has to pee pretty bad. Of course, my ears perked up by that. But I remembered, jeans are a no-no for my plan. So she left. About five minutes later, she came back. Not the usual relaxed walk but somehow tensed up, stiff. I asked her discretely whether she was okay. She tried to contain herself so only I could hear what she said:

"Fuck no I'm not okay. The toilets are broken, some dumb chick thought it was a good idea to throw like five tampons into it at once. Don't ask me why, but now they're clogged. The poor cleaning lady said it would take at least half an hour to fix it, as she had to phone some repair.. you know what? It doesn't matter. What matters is that I still have to go like crazy. Ugh." Alice was obviously not at all happy about this outlook. I tried to act sympathetic but couldn't hide a small grin. Thankfully, Alice was too preoccupied that she didn't notice. We sat down again, next to each other. It was slowly getting dark. There were some faint lights above so you could recognize each other's faces, but everything below the tables was getting harder to see now. Suddenly, we heard a women's scream from some tables away from us.

"Shit! Be careful you idiot! Oh my god, it all got on me!", a woman said. "Haha, look, Jenny peed herself!", the guy opposite of her said. "Yeah shut up Steve. I'll be right back. Ugh."

This isn't the first time this happens. Someone is clumsy, or drunk, or both, and manages to pour some drink on someone else or themselves. I always enjoy looking at those wet patches on people. I looked over at Alice. She wasn't laughing or even looking at that table. She was looking straight ahead with big eyes. Suddenly, she started whispering to herself.

"Oh no, no. I can feel it. It's coming out. I shouldn't have waited so long. Fuck, my panties are feeling wet. This can't be happening..."

Now I really felt sympathetic for her. This isn't how it should start. I had to do something. Up until now, nobody at our table had noticed Alice's situation. I looked around and then finally, I had an idea.

"Don't worry. Play along." I told Alice. She only managed to produce a "huh?".

"Hey guys, how about later we go wayyy over there... Oh shit!", I said, trying to sound a bit drunker than I am. I flung my arm around towards Alice to point at "over there" and, oh no, managed to knock over the glass of beer in front of Alice. It was still half full. So in the blink of an eye, half a litre of beer found it's way onto Alice's lap and lower belly and made a loud splattering sound when it hit the ground. It must have drenched her really good I thought. Alice shrieked, much like that woman before, and instinctively got up. I had a look at her. Her whole crotch was drenched, I even managed to wet the seam of her black shirt a bit. It was wonderful. A second later though, she quickly sat down again and opened her eyes widely. I had an idea what was happening.

"Oh shit, sorry! I can be so clumsy! I feel bad for the beer though." I said. Alice was still petrified, so I had to somehow claim the attention to get it away from her.

"Let's make you feel better. One, two-" - and I knocked over my own half-full mug of beer towards me. The contents shot out like a golden wave and hit me. I wore a dress that day, as I had no intention staying dry anyway. It was a knee-length red cotton dress. The moment it hit me, I realized that it was maybe not the smartest move. I knew how all items in my wardrobe looked in various stages of wetness, so I knew this very dress may look amazing when wet, but that also meant that it clearly showed. When I peed in this dress, it would all go down my legs neatly and wouldn't show on the dress.

This way, it would. There's no going back now anyway. I could always blame the drunkenness, I thought. The half litre of liquid hit my crotch like a water balloon and splattered around. It pooled a bit on the dress fabric between my legs before it started soaking through. I could feel it seeping into my short tights and shortly after into my panties. It was still chilled, so I let out a shriek myself. I remembered what normal people would do in this situation and quickly got up. I had a look at myself. As expected, it looked pretty hot. But I had to play along, as Alice would, so I acted surprised.

"What are you doing, Sam? Stop wasting beer already, heavens." Dave said. The whole table had a good, friendly laugh with us. Side quest accomplished, nobody suspected anything about Alice. I looked at her.

"We should probably clean ourselves up now. Come on." I said. Alice nodded. She still didn't say anything, but she slowly got up, looked around and quickly followed me. We got away from the rest of the people a bit.

"I'm really sorry for that, but I figured... Did it work?" I said.

"Did... did what work?" Alice whispered.

"You know... You don't have to go now, do you? I had to make sure nobody notices."

"Oh that... Haha. I- was it that obvious? I mean I... the second the beer hit me, I lost it. No chance in stopping. I was so glad you made a show, because I peed for like thirty seconds straight. Do you think anyone noticed?"

"I'm pretty sure nobody noticed. It was dark anyway. Besides, you now have the perfect excuse for peeing yourself."

"What? But I thought we were going to the toilets!"

"Look over there. The lines haven't got any shorter. There's no way of getting in in a sensible time. I just wanted to talk to you and see if you're okay. So... are you?"

"Uhm, I guess? I mean, I completely peed my jeans just now, but nobody noticed it. Which makes it... less problematic? In itself it wasn't that bad... Did I just say that?" This moment, I knew that my main objective of the day was progressing like a charm.

"I know what you mean. I mean it's warm and kind of relieving, right? And look at us, it's obvious we had a collision with knocked-over beer, nobody would suspect we... I mean you, peed yourself." That was close. Alice probably overheard it.

"I guess you're right. Should we go back? The next beer's on me. Thanks for helping me. Even though it was quite unexpected."

"You're very welcome, it was my pleasure." Yeah, literally. So we headed back. When we reached the table, our friends greeted us with the usual stuff like "hey, looks like you peed yourselves, haha". We looked at each other grinning.

"Looks like you need a slap, Dave." I said. A waitress came along.

"Two more mugs for us please!" Alice told her. Soon after, they came and we clinked the glasses. After half an hour, Alice leaned over to me.

"I have to pee yet again. When the seal's broken... You want to come with me?" she said. Now is the moment of truth.

"Yeah, me too. But... you know. Our pants are still wet anyway, so..." I said, persuasively. Alice must have gotten a bit drunker since last time. She didn't seem too appalled to the idea.

"Uhm. I guess they are. So, should we just... you know, do it here?"

"Why not? Here, let me start. I'm just going to relax and... ah." I said. I finally felt that familiar warm wetness slowly spreading in my panties and into my short tights. I let it out slowly to enjoy every moment of it. I felt it pool on the seat and soak into the back of my dress before it flowed over and hit the ground. It wasn't what I expected, but it felt incredibly hot to just pee myself in front of everybody else without anyone suspecting anything. When I was done, I nodded at Alice. She was still a bit nervous, but then she closed her eyes and I could see her body relaxing. Sadly, I couldn't see anything as it was too dark. After a while, she opened her eyes again.

"That was... amazing. It felt so wrong but also so great to just let it flow into my pants. Wow." Alice said. Looks like I was successful for today's objective.

We sat around for some more time. I can only suspect what Alice did, but I know that I relieved myself two more times while we sat. Judging by Alice's body language, she did too at least once more. When we got up, nobody had a second thought on why our clothes haven't dried the least even though it was quite warm. When I hugged Alice goodbye, I took care to touch my hips and crotch with hers and whispered into her ear.

"We should do that again sometime." I said. Alice nodded. "Definitely!"

When I got home, I thought about the day. What a turn of events! After the first disappointment, everything turned out way better than expected. I looked at my red dress. A mischievous idea crossed my mind. It wasn't the first time, but this time it felt even better to, uhm, "clean" that dress. I got into the shower and relaxed. Of course, I had enough in my bladder to fully soak my short tights and panties yet again, only this time actually in the intended way down the legs. When I finished, I felt my crotch trough the three layers of fabric. It felt amazing already.

So I finally turned on the shower and soaked myself completely, head to toe. The dress looked absolutely gorgeous, turning from a bordeaux color to a dark burgundy. It glistened and sticked to my skin, hugging every curve and shape of my body. I could see the short tights' outline pressing through the cotton. I took off the dress to reveal my matching bordeaux bra, which had suffered the same discoloration as my dress. I looked at my short tights. They glistened as if they were made of leather. I loved their fabric, it was perfect for wet endeavors like this. I took them off. As a third matching piece of clothing, my full cut panties showed the same sexy dark shade of burgundy. I played around with myself a bit more and thought about my mission and who to target next.

*005*2022-03-19 20:57

Finally another chapter. This time, it's about Hailey, a business woman and former colleague of Sam, and unexpected yet convenient weather. Enjoy 🙂

Chapter 3: Afraid of getting wet

Let's continue with the case of Hailey. That was a fun mission, even aside from the core objective. It all started on an evening in late July. Back then, Hailey and I used to work at... I'm not gonna tell you the name of the company, but it was an average office job, nothing too fancy. So we had just finished the final touch on a major project and left way too late for the day. As we both lived like 20 minutes by foot from the company, we walked there as often as possible. Gotta get at least some physical activity if you just sit around all day. We both wore our usual business attire, tan-colored chino pants and a blue blouse for me, black chino pants and a white blouse for Hailey.

As I said, nothing too fancy. So we started our stroll home, relieved by the stress of the last few days slowly leaving. Chatting about how successful this and that was, how that notoriously pedantic client finally accepted our work after the fifth proposal, et cetera. We enjoyed these walks not only for their physical properties like fresh air, but also for recapping the day and transitioning to the evening. Hear me out, It'll get interesting in a minute. So, we two business women walked along the street, radiating our success and self esteem, thinking nothing may come to stop us. And then I felt a drop.

Drop. Drop. I looked upwards. Yeah, it wasn't some bird, it actually started to rain. Pretty surprising, given the weather forecast promised sunshine and clear skies for the next few days. If you know me, you'll know I never bring an umbrella on my way home, if necessary I'll forget it in the office. What was pretty convenient though: Hailey didn't have one either, as nobody expected rain. So neither of us had an umbrella and Hailey did what any vanilla person would do: Run for cover. Luckily for her, unluckily for me, there was a sheltered bus stop we could run to.

When we got there, you could see some wetness in our respective hair, but not too much. We sat down and waited. It's not like we waited for a bus to come. The stop was defunct for some years but somehow was not yet torn down. The drizzle transformed into rain. Then into outright downpour. It hit the roof of the bus stop like a vibration. A constant pattering. The street ahead of us was shining, cars driving by splashed the water around them. It seemed that we were trapped here. We waited for another five minutes, but the rain didn't recede. So I rolled for initiative and took the first step.

"You know what? I'm pretty warm" I said. It wasn't a lie. Our business outfits weren't exactly summer-friendly. I got up from my seat and walked towards the end of the shelter's roof. I reached out my hand into the rain. The seam of my blouse immediately got soaked, turning the pale blue into a deep, royal blue. I liked where this was going. I turned around to Hailey. She looked at me skeptically.

"Sam! What are you doing? You're gonna get wet!" she said. Well, duh. I continued. Held my hand out again, this time a bit farther. Held my right leg out. My black stilettos and the seam of my pants got soaked.

"It's not that bad you know. A nice refreshment." I said. It actually was. But, of course, the feeling of my pants leg and blouse sleeve sticking to my skin was even better. I decided to go all the way. So I stepped outside into the downpour. It felt like stepping into a shower at full blast. I closed my eyes and looked upward. The rain quickly soaked my blouse and pants as I expected. I opened my eyes again and looked at myself. My blouse was now a uniformly colored royal blue, sticking to my skin, shining in the street lights. My pants were a darker shade of tan, hanging heavily from my hips and sticking to my thighs. It looked as great as it felt.

"Come over Hailey, it's great! Don't be afraid of getting wet!" I wiped my wet hair from my face to see her.

"Sam! You're soaked! But why? I mean, it's not that I'm afraid. You aren't supposed to get wet in your clothes, are you?" Hailey had a surprised but somehow curious expression on her face.

"Who tells you what you're supposed to? I'm not supposed to sit down here either, right?" I waited for a second, then I sat down on the ground. I put my hands on the floor behind me, exposing as much as possible of my pants. The rain pattered on the fabric and quickly let the last few dry spots vanish. Hailey still looked at me with an open mouth. Suddenly, she got up. And slowly took step after step towards me. As I did before, she held her hand out into the rain, soaking her white blouse sleeve.

"You're right, it actually is pretty nice. You know what? Screw it." Hailey said.

I didn't believe it was going to be so easy. Hailey stepped outside towards me into the rain. Her blouse and pants quickly got soaked too. Her blouse became more and more transparent, revealing a matching white bra underneath. I liked what I saw. I was still sitting there, looking at her, so I got up again.

"As I said. As you're wet now anyway, we can continue our way home, right?"

"I think so. Although it feels weird to just stroll around in the pouring rain. Normally I'd run for cover. But what else should we do, right?"

So we continued our walk. The rain continued and Hailey was completely soaked now, too. I didn't even have to sit down for that. But now, it was time to start phase two. I usually don't use the toilet at work before leaving, so I had some good amount of filling inside me. This was the moment I've been waiting for. I relaxed a bit and it didn't take long before I managed a steady stream of pee inside my panties and pants. It created a nice, warm contrast to the cool but not cold rain and wetness.

Also, it felt especially naughty in those tan pants as you would normally clearly see the streaks if they were dry. If you looked really closely, my black panties were shining through the darker, but slightly transparent tan pants. My black bra was also slightly shining through my blouse. I looked pretty hot, let me tell you. So did Hailey. But the best was yet to come. After some more time, Hailey started to walk a bit stiffer. Of course, I immediately had an idea why that could be, but I waited for more clues. I didn't have to wait long. She started looking around, bending her knees a bit, stopping every now and then.

"Are you okay, Hailey?" I asked.

"Yeah, I'm fine. It's just... I drank too much coffee at work and didn't expect that much delay on our way home... How long do you think it'll take?"

"Probably like 15 more minutes. We aren't moving as swift as usually. You're gonna make it?"

"Well what choice do I have? It's... ugh. I think I just lost a drop. I'm not sure how long I can hold it."

This was working out even better than I imagined. Judging her desperation, I thought she was ready for what happened next.

"Should I tell you a secret?"

"Uhm... sure?"

"I had to pee like crazy too, I drank the same amount of coffee as you" I said with a broad smile.

"You... had? What do you mean?"

"Well, my pants were drenched from the rain anyway... sooo..." I hinted.

"You... you peed your pants? Ugh. I lost another spurt. But... but you're not sup-"

"Yeah, you're not supposed to pee your pants. And yet I did. And I feel soooo relieved. So empty, so deflated. Dried out on the inside while soaked on the outside."

"Ugh stop! You know what? I don't think I have another choice anyway. Okay. So I'm peeing my pants.... Now. Now go pee."

Hailey tried to, but it was rooted deep inside her that you weren't supposed to do that, so she couldn't. I had to help her.

"Try sitting down there." I gestured for a public bench, completely soaked by the rain. "Sit down and pretend you're sitting on the toilet. And then just relax."

"Okay, I'll try. So I'm sitting on the toilet. And I'll pee. Pee." She gasped. "Oh my god, it's working! I'm peeing! Finally! Oh my god, it feels sooo good to finally pee."

Hailey seemed to have forgotten, or to stop caring, that she was still wearing her pants. She sat on the bench for at least a minute. If you looked directly underneath her, you could spot a stream, almost a torrent, directly beneath her, even with the strong rain around. When she was done, she looked at me.

"Wow. I can't believe I just did that. I completely peed my pants."

"Don't worry, you can't see anything. Your pants are drenched."

And they looked great. Her black chino pants glistened in the faint streetlight and her white blouse fit her body like a slightly-transparent glove. My colleague was pretty hot when she was dry, but now... wow.

"You look gorgeous, you know?" I said.

"Aw stop it. I'm sitting here, soaking wet, having just peed my pants. Besides, you look pretty hot too!"

"And I also have just peed my pants. We have so much in common!" I joked. We both found our way back into the fun we had at the beginning of our walk home. So we decided to continue our way home. When we reached our apartment complex, I stopped at her door.

"You wanna have a coffee and warm up a bit?" Hailey said. Of course, I would. We were dripping everywhere, so we quickly went to the bathroom to save her carpet.

"Mind if I take a shower to clean up?" I said.

"Yeah sure, I'll grab you some clothes to-"

I quickly went into the shower, obviously without undressing first. I turned the shower on and soaked my clothes once again.

"I meant clean myself AND my clothes, you know" I said.

"I guess that makes sense. Even though I'm surprised. Have fun! And tell me when you're done."

I took some time in soaking myself and undressing. My black bra and panties looked as great as always when wet. With my hands between my legs, I pressed the last amount of pee out. When I was done, I collected my wet clothes in the bathtub and grabbed the dry clothes Hailey put out for me. Luckily, we had almost the same size of clothing, so her shirt and leggings should fit me perfectly. One problem remained: What to wear underneath? I guess I could miss the bra, but I wasn't too comfortable with wearing nothing underneath her leggings. So I quickly collected my panties from the pile, wrung them out and put them on. Of course I had no problem with putting on wet clothes, so that was a nice bonus. Over them, I put Hailey's black leggings on. They showed the faintest bit of wetness but not too much. After I put her shirt on, I left the bathroom. To my surprise, she was still wearing her wet clothes.

"Now it's my turn. Let me try." Hailey said. Was it what I thought it meant? She walked straight to the bathroom and stepped into the shower. She hesitated a bit.

"It's weird to stand in the shower fully clothed. Even though I'm wet." she said. She turned the shower on and soaked herself once again.

"Should... I wait outside?" I said.

"Stay if you like. It's not that I'm naked. Haha." she said. She seemed to enjoy it. After some time, she turned the shower off and opened the door. Once again, she looked great.

"I actually peed again while showering. I'm not sure why, but it feels pretty nice actually. I hope you're not weirded out." she said.

"Not at all. It's not the first time I did this today you know. Every once in a while, it's raining when I walk home from somewhere and most of the times, I seize the opportunity. We should do this again sometime!" I said.

"Yeah, definitely! Thanks for the evening. So... I'm gonna undress now..." she said. As sad as it was, that was my cue.

"Oh, right. Sorry. Thanks for the clothes, I'll get them to you tomorrow. Good night!" I said. I took my wet clothes and left her apartment. When I got to mine, I went to the bathroom, undressed Hailey's clothes, sat on the toilet in my still-wet panties and played with myself to recap the events of the day. Another great success in converting a vanilla.

During the following months, we actually repeated this some evenings when it was supposed to rain. We somehow both forgot our umbrellas, walked around until we were drenched, and peed our pants while walking around the city, unbeknownst to anyone around us.

*007*2022-03-20 12:33

{{7 hours ago, Joy999 said:

Will there ever be a fear one?

}}

I'm afraid not, at least not as an episode like the others. It wouldn't fit the theme of "almost" voluntary wetting. Maybe in a flashback of Sam's own history where it'll only include herself? Did you have anything concrete in mind?

*009*2022-03-21 19:50

{{On 3/20/2022 at 5:54 PM, Joy999 said:

I was thinking maybe she brings a friend to a haunted house or a scary movie but if its only voluntary than i guess that wouldn't fit.

}}

I like the idea. I'll think about it. As I said, "almost" voluntary wettings 😉 It's still fiction after all.

*012*2022-03-29 20:46

{{On 3/22/2022 at 10:03 AM, WaterSpirit said:

Awesome writing!

PS: "rolled for initiative" Do I detect the phrasing of a fellow D&D tabletop gamer?

}}

Thanks! And yeah, you do. Some day I'll plan an omorashi campaign. You know, when I'm retiring maybe. With bladder magic and +4 capacity panties at merchants.

{{On 3/23/2022 at 7:45 PM, Joecey said:

Really enjoying your stories. Keep it up!

}}

Thanks to you too! Sorry for the long wait. I didn't want to make the same mistakes and rush the stories. The next part is ready and will be there in a few minutes.
