Youthful maximalism

Author: peeacsfan

*000*2024-05-29 18:32

No sooner had Yulia come home, than a scandal immediately broke out.

- How many times have I asked you washing the cup after herself - everything is like hitting the wall with peas, - her mother scolded Yulia from the doorway.

- I was late for school, - A teenage girl casually waved off her mother.

- I would like to wash the cup at your place and It didn't take a minute," the mother continued to grumble, "and you didn't close it behind you again refrigerator. How many times can I repeat to you...

Julia did not listen further Her mother, and locking herself in the room, she turned on the music loudly.

We had lunch in silence. The silence was broken Mom:

- How are things at school?

- That's all right! I replied reluctantly Julia.

"That's not the answer!" -Objected mother.

"What do you want from me?"

- I want you to be with me She spoke normally. I want you to come to your senses...

- Oh, damn. Well, you're for it again Your... You can't eat in peace! - the daughter was irritated.

- What a word "damn". Are you like Do you answer your mother? And? And I also wanted, perhaps, to grow up A normal daughter. You try for her all your life, and not a word of gratitude You'll wait!

Julia put down her plate and went out from the table.

"I can't even listen to my mother Can. Shameless! I guess you're thinking all about your Sasha...

- I don't think about anything, - Yulia freaked out.

"That's right, you're talking about nothing You don't think! You need to think about the future, about studying, and not about Sasha. He needs you It will hurt you to be the kind that you can't even wash your plate after yourself. Or Do you think I'm going to clean up after you all my life?

- "You me, - closing the door in the room, Yulia thought to herself, "it's time to get out of this apartment. I'll move in with Sasha today."

The girl took out her mobile phone and dialed my boyfriend's number.

- Sasha, hello! I'm with you We need to meet urgently. Right now. I made an important decision.

Sasha was a little late, and Julia, Nervously waiting for him, I ordered a glass of beer.

- Hello, Yulchonok, - When he appeared, he smacked her on the cheek, "I'm sorry for being a little late."

"I forgive you," condescendingly The girl answered.

- Another day, and you are already drinking beer? The young man reproached the girl, sitting down.

- Sasha, give me more You'll start reading morals! Everyone teaches me how to live, but I don't want to listen to someone else's advice, I'll figure it out myself, okay?! She replied sharply, and took a sip from her glass beer.

"All right, all right," conciliatory He said, "What fly bit you today?"

- Damn, none. All. Forget it. I didn't want to meet you at all to swear and listen Notation. My mother is enough for me," the girl said, finishing her beer.

"Well, all right, all right," Sasha agreed, and called the waitress to the table, "Girl, can I have one tea and..."

- Nevskoye 0.5, - continued for Julia.

- I have a proposal for you, - Julia began from afar, - you wanted to go with me seriously relationship?

- Yes, Yula, you know how I am I treat you.

"Well, I was thinking... Why don't we start living together?

"Well, someday, I'm sure, We will come to this...

- No, you don't understand me, - Taking a sip from the second glass for reassurance, the girl said, today! Come on, huh?

- Well I don't know... I can't so immediately to decide...

- Sasha, why are you breaking down? You will You want to be with me, don't you?"

"Yes, but...

- What other buts can there be? If you love me, then you won't have any doubts," Yulia pressed.

- It's just that it's somehow unexpectedly...

- I understand everything... You don't Love! Her face changed and she concluded in disappointment.

- It's not that...

- Then prove that I am to you Not indifferent! Let's rent an apartment today... Or let me move in with you!

- Julia, it's not as simple as You think...

- What are you doing, "It's not easy, it's not easy," the girl freaked out, "It's not easy for me, Understand?! I left home today, and I have nowhere else to go but to you!

- Julia, don't get excited. You will Now I'm on edge. Your youthful maximalism has played out now. You will calm down and you'll return home...

- Listen!!! You are now You say, just like my mother! I never thought you were such a bore! You yourself wanted to date me, and now, when I offer you to live together, you give me Reverse! She pressed loudly, almost breaking into a scream.

- Julia. Don't be so nervous! You will I'm sorry, but it seems to me that you shouldn't take such hasty steps and like this with coves to start a life together...

- To talk to her as if she were talking wall with peas. Do you understand that I have already burned all the bridges for you? I'm already home I won't go back. Either to you or... Or I'll go homeless!

- Yulia, stop talking flapdoodle!

- I'm telling you again - this is Not nonsense! So do you agree or not?! - she gave an ultimatum.

- Yulia, I told you mine opinion...

A waitress came up to the table:

"You'll do something else order?

- No, bring the bill, please, - Yulia asked, and turned to Sasha again, - well, you Do you dare?

Sasha responded only He was meaningfully silent. The girl nervously opened her purse and took it out wallet and paid for the beer.

"Goodbye," throwing it on the table money, she said, and left the table.

- Yulia, stop! Where are you going?! – The young man shook himself, but the girl was already walking quickly into the direction unknown to him...

"Alo, Nastya," mobile phone number of her friend, Yulia said, "I have for you An important matter. I left home... Can I come to you and spend the night today?.. With Sasha broke up... I'll come and tell you everything.

The girl was pounding inside from Resentment. She could barely hold back the tears that were about to pour from her eyes. When she got to the bus station, she bought a ticket for the nearest one with the last of her money bus, - a long, non-stop, trip to Nastya was ahead. Sitting in the A soft armchair near the window, the girl mentally returned to the dialogue in the café. Reaction Sasha was unexpected for her. She was sure that he was happy would accept her offer, and now the teenage girl did not know what to do farther. I didn't want to return home, I lost my boyfriend... She felt sad in her heart again, and again she almost burst into tears. But she held on this time too.

There's no turning back, she thought to herself after they left the city. Trees flashed outside the window, and soon they also disappeared, and were replaced by bare fields. Leaning back in my chair, The girl slowly calmed down. "That's it whatever is not done, everything is for the best," she thought to herself, closing her eyes, and did not I noticed how I fell asleep.

When she woke up, she did not immediately I understood where it was. But as soon as I looked out the window, I immediately remembered everything. Behind the fields still loomed like the window.

"I hope I didn't pass," she thought to herself as she took it out of her bag telephone. She did not sleep much - only fifteen minutes. Then she entered through her phone to Twitter, and typed a message: "I left home. With Sasha no longer Dating. I'm going to Nastya." Then I clicked "send", informing me the world about its fate. Putting away the phone, Yulia leaned back in her chair, But she did not manage to relax - she wanted to go to the toilet. Immersed in my thoughts, the girl remembered that after a quarrel with Sasha, she left the café, and from that I have never gone to the toilet. In addition, she remembered what she had drunk liter of beer before the trip, and only now I realized that it was very recklessly on her part.

"It's all because of Sasha. From where Did I know that he would behave like that?" she immediately mentally shifted to the responsibility for his condition, - "Because of him, I am now in favor of city, I'm going to Nastya's, and even hunting to the toilet."

After driving like this for a few minutes, Yulia took out her mobile phone again, and wrote a message on Twitter: "Damn, do Nastya is still far away, and I want to go to the toilet." Trying to distract herself, she began to read tweets other people, but soon she became uninterested. In the meantime, she felt herself quite uncomfortable...

"If I ask to get out now, then the driver don't stop. The bus goes without changes, - Yulia reasoned to herself, Then she looked out of the window, "And there are fields all around."

She was already very sorry that I ordered two beers in a café. But now she was even angrier at Sasha.

For the third time, she took it in her hands phone, and notified the world via Twitter: "I want to go to the toilet!!! Very strongly!!!." Someone even replied to her: "Ahah. So go." Yulia was a little angry, and she answered the well-wisher: "Where? I'm on the bus." To which they wrote to her: "Ask, so that they stand for a couple of minutes." "And where am I going," Yulia wrote, "there is a place all around one field." "You will go to the field," she was advised, but she did not answer.

"And if you leave early, and wait for the next Bus? - Trying to find a way out of this situation, I continued to think the girl, but immediately remembered that she had paid the last money for the ticket, - no, He won't go, in the evening he will find himself in who knows where, and even without money... Have to endure until Nastya."

@@Yulia squeezed tightly into the chair, and Now thoughts of the distant future did not bother her at all, only the near future: Get to your friend's house as soon as possible. But thoughts about Sasha, even in this state, do not left her head, on the contrary - the more she wanted to go to the toilet, the more she hated him. Now she was completely convinced that he was to blame in the current situation with her. She could no longer sit still, and In order to somehow distract herself, she took out her phone, and began to furiously type text in tweeter: "Stupid beer, why does it make you want to go to the toilet ?!?!?!", but this time she no one answered or gave advice. Meanwhile, it seemed to her that she was experiencing All the torments of hell, but I did not know what to do in such a situation. She looked out of the window, and She was so desperate that she wanted to cry again. A lump of bitterness rolled up to his throat, and tears were about to sprout from his eyes. Meanwhile, on the she had long been noticed by the young man sitting opposite her...

In utter desperation, she took out phone, and with trembling fingers told the world through Twitter: "I won't get to Nastya, I'm going to." Having sent a message, Yulia already knew for sure that she was really before Nastya will not get there. And now she dreamed of only one thing - to get to the nearest residential point, and then come what may.

The bus stopped, Yulia and The rest of the passengers got out, then the doors slammed shut and the driver drove away. The girl was walking with the last of her strength in an unknown direction in search of the secluded Places. Outside, despite the approaching evening, it was quite light and Crowded. It was not easy to find a secluded place like this at once, and she squeezed strong teeth, she was in a hurry forward, still not noticing that he was walking behind A young man sitting across from her on the bus. Yulia is in complete despair, nervous I looked around, realizing that if I didn't get out in the next few minutes A deserted place, a nightmare will happen to her...

Trying to go as fast as possible, she still did not she could get out of the stream of people, and each time she seemed to come to another to a more crowded place.

- Girl, what are you talking about hurry up," the young man who had been watching the since the trip.

"It's none of your business!" Back off! – Yulia replied rudely and furiously desperateness quickened her pace.

She is I noticed two houses connected by arches and quickly walked into the courtyard, hoping find a secluded place there. Mothers with children walked in the yard, teenagers played football, and life, in general, was in full swing. And at that moment Yulia realized that almost has reached the finish line when the irreparable is about to happen. Not realizing that to do further, she rushed to the nearest entrance, and dialed two digits on intercom.

- Who's there? A voice came from the dynamics.

"Open it, please!" - Yulia answered.

- Who is this?!

"Let me go, please, - The girl begged.

"What do you want?!" -Panicked An old woman's voice.

"Excuse me, I really need to go to toilet! Let me go, please," Yulia literally begged.

"you, you brute," rudely The old woman answered.

And here the psyche of a teenager does not withstood it, and all the accumulated negativity spurted out of her eyes. The girl sobbed, And her face was completely wet with tears. It's scary to imagine what would have happened further, if at that moment the same young man had not seen her, who tried to get acquainted with her.

"What's wrong," going up to the he asked.

In response, there were sobs.

"Tell me, what happened?"

- I, I can't take it anymore, - Yulia whined.

"Come on, what's wrong?"

- I need to go to the toilet! I really need to go to the toilet!!!!

- Go! said the young man "I live in the house next door.

Without stopping crying, the girl followed him like a lost mongrel. It seemed that it was about to burst. And nevertheless, they reached his house, climbed the stairs (fortunately for her, he lived on the first floor), and, suddenly remembering his mother's instructions that in no way In this case, it is impossible to visit strange young people, having entered the apartment, she Without further ado, she broke into the toilet... By freeing herself from the liquid, she I felt that the world was slowly getting better, and that it was possible to live on it Light.

They were sitting in the kitchen, and she told about the vicissitudes of her teenage life. The young man nodded his head, did not answer, and only offered her to stay the night. Yulia agreed. To go on this night she There was nowhere to go. However, she was confused by the fact that there was only one sofa. He promised her that he would not molest her. He did not keep his word. Julia resisted for a while, but then she clung to him, and she herself did not notice how he took possession of it...

She woke up from the fact that her Someone woke me up. When she opened her eyes, she did not immediately remember where she was.

- Get dressed, it's time for me to leave, - said the young man of yesterday to her.

She didn't ask too much Questions. She got dressed, washed herself, he treated her to tea and cookies, and they went out to Street. They walked in silence for a while.

"Shall I take you to the bus stop?" The young man asked.

- I don't know. I guess- Yulia answered. When they came, I asked - Will we see each other again?

- It's possible… When the wife is not at home Will.

- Are you married? Yulia was surprised.

He didn't answer. Julia I remembered that I left home, that I broke up with a boyfriend and never got there yesterday to Nastya...

- I don't have money for travel, she said to him.

The young man silently took out a few banknotes and handed it to Yulia.

Returning by bus to city, Yulia did not yet know for sure what she would do next.

"We will have to go back for now home," she thought, and fell asleep in her chair.

