What is missing at literary evenings

Author: peeacsfan

*000*2024-04-29 13:07

As a first-year student of the Faculty of Philology, I loved to read and listen. Mostly I liked prose, but poetry I wasn't indifferent either. Our group, of course, consisted mainly of girls, but we also studied Four guys. One of them was very An original, well-read young man with a passion for music, Charming, interesting and pleasant to talk to. He showed me signs of attention with From the very beginning of my studies, but our relationship was rather friendly. With him It was really very interesting. However, it's student time, especially on the The first year was the golden time of youth. Several times we sat with him after classes in a café (he invited), went to the cinema twice. He also played in and participated in literary evenings called "Evening poetry." He once invited me to one of these parties.

Completing Under a cup of tea, I put on preparation for the subject "Modern Russian Language", trousers, winter boots, coat, and beanie. I looked at myself carefully in the mirror to make sure that everything is in order, that there are no wrinkles in the clothes, and, After making sure that I looked good, I moved to the bus stop.

In winter It starts to get dark quite early; A lot of non-working lights make the street gloomy, and only as yet pure, white snow, which fell in large flakes during the day, crunched under my feet, and wrapped my city in its whiteness, making it a little bit Lighter. A few minutes later, I got into a minibus, and while I was driving, just I looked out the window, watching the cars, looking at the houses and people on the street.

Came. Leave. Igor (my classmate) has already was waiting for me at the bus stop. He gave me his hand as we walked out, and we walked slowly We went to the place where the literary-musical-poetic Evening. We chatted about studying, teachers, and Igor devoted most of the time to description of the upcoming meeting, and said that he himself would also attend today. I wondered what he was going to come up with. He warned that there would be performances there different people, including informal ones. And the event itself is taking place at a club called Underground.

Silently We made it to the meeting point. It turned out to be a small one-story The building, as Igor explained to me later, was originally conceived for a shooting range, but it didn't function for a long time, And now it is rented by a man who conducts such underground cultural Events. From the inside, the room seemed even smaller than it looked outside. Many of the doors were blocked, the room needed repairs, however, he It was done slowly, but in general it was quite clean inside. Audience consisted of students, mostly junior students, but there were also senior and even graduates. The audience, which surprised me at first, was mostly male. But there were also girls, many of whom, it seemed to me, were not the first time they had been here. The organizers arranged the equipment, set up the sound, installed microphones, In the meantime, Igor introduced me to his buddies and their companions.

Nothing so far It didn't start, I was treated to juice. There were about a hundred people in the hall, many of them themselves Most of them were spectators, regular and random ones, like me. However, due to the small room, there was a feeling chairs and benches were neatly arranged, but in spite of the The air conditioners were working, it was hot and thirsty, which I did.

Soon The organizers greeted everyone and invited them to take their seats. Making sure that Everyone took up their positions, he declared the evening open, and first read a few of his poems. The audience, as expected, applauded, I was interested I listened attentively to every line. Then a prose writer came out and read an excerpt from one of my favorite writers, Sergei Dovlatov. A lot was said funny and sad moments of reality from the Soviet past. Then he I read something from my own composition, and ended with a selection of miniatures by Dovlatov, Solo on the Underwood. Concluding with a note: "Lida Potapova "My Igor says that literature should be a tool Party. And I assert that literature should not be an instrument of the Party. Which of the are us right? Bobyshev got angry: "There is no such problem! What is there to discuss?! Maybe we should discuss whether or not to steal silver spoons at a party?!" He bowed out, giving way to the poetess.

@@Taking advantage of the "shift change" (the intermission is clearly I whispered to Igor that I would be away for a minute, to which he agreed nodded, just at that moment the organizer came up to him, apparently to agree and to say when it's his turn to speak. The girl, worried, approached the to the microphone, warning everyone that he was performing for the first time, and asking not to judge harshly for her debut. I left the hall, went out into the corridor... And that's just at this moment found the biggest flaw of this club. The disadvantage was Absence... There was one more small room missing, or rather, it was just It wasn't, and I, for his sake, actually went away for a minute, but with annoyance I realized that it was in vain. And since my narrative has come to this piquant moment, I have to confess that, in the first place, for me the lack of such a important room was a complete surprise, and secondly, since I was a tactful young girl of a humanitarian mindset, I wasn't from the beginning I decided to leave. To put it simply, I have a slight desire to visit the establishment It appeared on the way to the club, and while we were coming, chatting, taking seats, I was talking about it I didn't remember, and I felt it just when the prose writer came out. That night, I I was confused, and without doing anything, I simply went back to my place place.

Girl Everything I read my poems more confidently, several times, however, I stumbled, but this is because of the Excitement before the performance. I decided not to worry, and all the attention focused on an improvised stage.

Following A musical duo performed, their guitars played quite loudly, especially An electric guitar whose sound wave vibrated the floor and the chair on which I Sat. It was at this point that my unresolved problem reminded me even more about yourself. During the pause, Igor turned to me and asked if I liked it here. I said yes, but I didn't dare ask about the most important thing for me. He said that after another girl and young man he will perform. I smiled. The smile turned out to be forced.

@@In poems, alternating with the prose of the next speaker, I at first tried to listening, but his lines dissolved in my thoughts of my growing Problem... I was worried about two things: how long this evening would last, and the most important thing The main thing is what to do after it? I immediately asked Igor the first question, and having received I realized that I didn't want to sit until the end. Or rather, I just can't! I I pretended to watch and listen attentively, but in my heart I was frantically looking for ways and pretexts, as if tactfully, without offending or arousing Igor's suspicion, to shed hence. "To say that they are waiting at home urgently. No, it's nonsense, he also wants to conduct it. Can she say that she forgot the keys at home, and her parents will leave in the evening? He won't believe it! A what I'd like to come up with something else... Maybe just so straightforwardly, so and so, you need to have a nose Powder. What if he doesn't understand? Or do I want to go to the toilet? No. I can't." So I sat and went through the various options, and in the meantime A singer accompanied by a guitar came out on the stage, the next to come out was Igor.

I didn't want anything at all (except one), and no poetry or literature simply did not enter my head. However, I I carefully hid my condition, and from the outside, probably, I looked like He is a very attentive and devoted fan of the singer's work. Disguise is not You'll be jealous. Igor warned that he would go backstage in five minutes, and will leave me alone for the duration of the performance. You have no idea how I was I'm glad about it! That was the salvation and actually the beginning of my liberation. In general As soon as he walked out and we disappeared from each other's sight, I made up my mind deserted, and without wasting a moment, she got up, took her coat off the hanger, and, without wasting a moment. Dressing him, she went out into the corridor with him. There, she dressed in a hurry and went outside.

@@Ambulance I walked towards the bus stop. In the silence, the snow crunched frequently and loudly. Small flakes fell on top of me, the lanterns in the area shone brightly, and if Looking from the side, the landscape is worthy of a photograph or painting: dark, desert A street lit by lanterns and the moon. Small flakes of snow fall lazily on the ground, forming a snow path, and in the morning they will add work for the janitors. Somewhere In the distance, a girl hurries with a quick gait... However, readers already know where I'm going Hurry. Treacherously deserted from the "evening of poetry" at the very moment when My classmate was supposed to speak, I haven't decided my little one yet, but it's enough a serious problem. In my case, capitulation did not mean instantaneous surrender inner liberation. My home, my fortress – there was my salvation. Wonder As I haven't gotten lost yet, I'm usually not good at navigating in other places, but as They say that in critical situations, the third eye opens and the brain is better It's working. This theory has fully worked in practice.

I was standing on the Stop! However, it was too early to rejoice, fixed-route taxis at such a time We rarely traveled. I started dancing. Two drunken guys walked by, One of them invited me to go for a walk with them. I politely declined, cursing the self-transport that does not want to go.

- Girl Who are you waiting for? - the second one joined.

That's just That's what I've been missing, especially now!

- Minibus I'm waiting, I'm going home," I replied calmly.

- Girl, aren't you a ballerina? You're a good dancer! - made a dubious compliment again first.

I'm instantly She froze and replied that she was just freezing while standing at the bus stop. In this year, A minibus arrived, and I sat in the front seat, wishing them luck. Not I know why, but even then I noticed a trend that men It is in the evening that the craving for the female sex is exacerbated and comes to the surface! And often at such moments when the lady has no time to communicate with them! I mean, that the driver began to talk to me and ask me questions: where was I from, why one, where I'm going, and so on. And I, being a polite girl, answered him, and about I thought to myself: "Shut up and go faster!" At the same time, I felt like A balloon filled with water that is about to swell and burst! And not to mention As a student at the institute, I could not admit or even imagine myself in such a situation. However, I was on the edge, but I tried to console myself and did not to admit even in my thoughts that something terrible could happen to me...

@@Finally we arrived, I handed over a hundred-dollar bill rubles to the driver, and, without waiting for the change and his shouts "Girl, wait change," jumped out, and walked home with a quick, quick step. Soon I switched to Jogging to speed up the approach of a happy moment. At some point, For a moment I even had a crazy idea to find a place in the nearest review, But upbringing... And even more so, there was only a little left, I fled; statute I switched to a quick step and ran again... The weight below was pressing on the brain, and the brain He just wanted to give signals to the nervous system to allow the channel to open, but Consciousness understood that right now it was impossible! Making a desperate struggle two hypostases of the brain, while walking briskly, my subconscious is all impatiently asked, "Well, maybe we can do it now, don't you agree?" But my consciousness stubbornly repeated a phrase from Dovlatov, with which one of the prose writers had finished at the party: "Maybe we can still discuss whether or not to steal silver coins at a party spoons?!" as if answering a just demand.

So Having accomplished a heroic feat, I hobbled safely to her home. The only thing left to do was to get into the your fortress and jump into the trench, and there disarm with pleasure! In the elevator Taking advantage of the fact that no one would be able to see me, I allowed it to run all sorts of protections and ways to prevent unintentional relief. However, the consciousness Realizing that there were only seconds left before the victory, I slowly gave in to my subconscious, and I I felt that I was beginning to suffer small losses. However, the minor ones Losses don't matter, in anticipation of the upcoming victory!

@@I called through the door. She started dancing again. (Lord, as long as no one peeks through the peephole). She paced back and forth. His right hand involuntarily tried to help to restrain yourself. I called again. No one was in a hurry to open it! Apparently the parents They thought that I would not come back soon and went somewhere on their own. In the meantime, minor The losses attacked me again, and my brain literally shouted, "Hurry up and open the door!! I'm going to blow up!!." Had Free your right hand to search your bag for keys. Tight clasp became naughty, and I helped myself only by shifting from foot to foot! In Eventually the lightning broke, and The clasp came off. I grabbed the keys, shoved them through the keyhole, and turned lock... However, for the time being, the consciousness spent part of its energy in order to accomplish these Simple operations to get to your home, the subconscious gave a command to the nervous system, which in turn is transferred to other bodies. They, without consulting me, We made the decision on our own. My body no longer resisted my persuasion, and when I got into the apartment, my first thought was, "I didn't get it." What's not prevented me from rushing into the right room and finishing the rest of the work there. Business ended in a partial defeat.

On the next day Igor asked me where I had gone, I came up with something like that, But she did not name the real reason, and even more so she kept silent about the defeat. Relations We remained friends, in the third year he began to date with As another girl, he took her to a "poetry evening". I don't know if it's changed Do they have anything there now, and if there is the right room there. I don't know. But with Since then, when you come to any establishment and attend any event, the first thing you do I'm figuring out two things: where is the emergency exit, and where are the amenities?

