Omovember 2020: Day 8

Author: PPP

*000*2020-11-09 05:29

$$

Yes, technically this is being posted in the wee hours of Day 9. I had a busy day.

###

Day 8: Desperate while in costume Ochaco (My Hero Academia)

###

Ochaco Uraraka sipped her tea and looked down at the harbor. Boats heavy with cargo were heading in and out, their contents being unloaded by burly dock workers. Children ran along the pier, disturbing fishermen who were angling for a bite.

“Beautiful, isn’t it?” Ochaco turned her head towards the speaker: Gunhead, the Pro Hero she was interning under. His name was appropriate (if not especially creative): four muzzle-like holes adorned his mask, the bracers on his wrists resembled silver revolver chambers, and his Quirk, Gatling, fired projectiles from his knuckles. Despite his intimidating appearance, Gunhead had proven himself to be very friendly and helpful to Ochaco.

“I’ve always loved the sea,” Gunhead continued. “It’s so… peaceful. Wouldn’t you agree?”

“Mm-hm,” Ochaco mumbled, finishing her tea. Patrol duty was thirsty work, especially on a hot day like today.

‘Be a hero in hot weather! Wear sunscreen when outside and be sure to stay hydrated!’ Ochaco could hear the PSA from the legendary hero All-Might in her head. Ever conscientious, she had taken his advice to heart. She had enough sunscreen on to block Todoroki’s flames, and she was on her third cup of tea.

“Say, is patrolling the docks usually this peaceful?” Ochaco asked. As if in response to her question, an enormous wave swelled up, sending ships crashing into the harbor. People screamed and fled as the perpetrator revealed himself, rising from the depths. Dressed in scale-patterned spandex, his hair and beard were made of flowing water.

“I am the Fisher King!” he announced. “I am here to-”

Ochaco blocked out the rest of the villain’s monologue. Right now, she was focused on how to stop him. Gunhead was on the same page.

“Your first priority is to get everyone to safety!” he ordered. “I’ll hold him off as best I can!”

With that, they sprung into action. Gunhead leapt from the rooftop and opened fire with Gatling. Fisher King lashed out with a tendril of water, but the hero avoided the attack and kept strafing. Ochaco, meanwhile, jumped to her feet and immediately winced as she felt the massive amount of liquid sloshing in her bladder.

Too much tea! she thought in a panic, then swiftly reprimanded herself. That doesn’t matter right now! What matters is the rescue! Ochaco got to work immediately with her Quirk, Zero Gravity. Seeing the overturned shipping containers were blocking the escape route, she concentrated as hard as she could and made them weightless, lifting them out of the way. Using her power on such heavy objects always made her stomach churn, a sensation that did not go well with a full bladder. Ochaco tried to ignore it and instead focused on directing civilians to safety.

Once everyone had left the docks, Ochaco finally let the containers drop.

“Oof,” she groaned, “I don’t think I could have held those much longer!” With that, a sharp pang shot through her bladder.

Gah, don't think about holding! she scolded herself. Think about your task!

However, as she used her Quirk to hurl debris at Fisher King, Ochaco found it hard to think about anything but her desperation. Every splash of water the villain threw in retaliation was a taunt, daring her to just give up. Just let go and wet herself. It would feel so good…

No! I won’t give in! Plus Ultra!

Her spirits bolstered by the school’s motto, Ochaco levitated an anchor high into the air. Holding it in place, she lifted a nearby boat with a metallic groan. Keeping the something so main the air was pushing both her powers and her bladder to their limits, but she gritted her teeth and kept going, even as she felt a few drops of pee leak out. Ochaco touched her fingertips together, causing the suspended objects to drop. Fisher King saw the boat falling and quickly got out of the way. But he didn’t see the anchor falling from higher in the air.

KLONK!

“Well, looks like he’s out cold,” said Gunhead, catching his breath. “Nice work there.”

“Thank you, sir,” Ochaco said hurriedly before letting herself float into the air. Now that the villain was defeated, her attention was focused on relieving her bulging bladder, and she saw only one way to do that immediately. Once she was a few hundred feet in the air, high enough that nobody would realize what she was doing. Ochaco let herself stop. She fumbled with her bodysuit before realizing she would have to remove it entirely to pee. Reluctantly, she peeled it off, letting it hang around her ankles

Why didn’t I put in a zipper? she lamented, shivering in the wind chill.

With the hard part out of the way, Ochaco assumed a sitting position and pulled her panties aside. She gasped as a gust of wind blew against her nether regions.

Never mind that, just pee! Her bladder instantly obeyed that command, letting loose with a trickle that thickened into a flowing stream. Ochaco sighed in relief, and looked down to see her pee stream break up into droplets as it fell, sprinkling the ocean so far below her.

I can’t believe I’m doing this, she thought. At least no one can see me. And it’s not like I’m polluting, right? Fish do it all the time.

As her bladder emptied, Ochaco’s stream gradually turned back into drips. The last one slowly made its way out, like a drop of water from a leaky faucet. With her midair bathroom break finished, Ochaco let the breeze dry her, then pulled her clothes back into place. She gently descended, and came face to face with a bewildered Gunhead.

“What the heck was that about?” he asked.

“Oh, I, uh…” Ochaco stuttered, desperately trying to think of a lie. “Um, I sometimes float after a victory. Like, you know, like a celebration?”

“I know what you mean,” said Gunhead. He fired off Gatling in an imitation of a 21-gun salute and laughed. “All of us heroes have weird things we just do sometimes.”

“Haha, yeah,” Ochaco laughed nervously, hoping the Pro Hero would never find out just how true that was.

###

Tomorrow: more My Hero Academia!

