Indus Valley Desperation

Author: pumpkin juice

*000*2016-09-21 01:14

The beginnings of sewer systems in ancient civilizations changed the meaning of "needing a pee".

*001*2016-09-21 02:07

So this is unusual, obviously, but what is this website for, anyway?

The year is 2780 BCE. I'm going to need you to use your imagination a little here. We're going to pretend that Mesopotamia had more connection to the Indus Valley than it probably did (although it has been found that there may have been some trading) and that the language of the Indus Valley could be learned by someone in Mesopotamia (and vice versa, of course).

Backstory:

As what modern humans now call the Bronze age of civilization began to develop, new inventions occurred in the different parts of the world. One was indoor plumbing, and the dates, of course, of the progress of indoor/outdoor plumbing and sewage systems and flush toilets are far from exact. However, it is thought that Mesopotamia (aka Fertile Crescent, aka Middle East, aka around Iraq) had some of the earliest examples of sanitation innovation. The Indus Valley later became known to be a place of better city planning and thus better sewage systems.

Obviously, my "facts" aren't 100% correct, partly because we just don't know, and partly because this is OmoOrg, not TruFactsOrg. Totally feel free to correct me if you feel it would improve the story, though. In my version of history, anyway, at 2780 BCE, Babylon (a city-state of Mesopotamia) was farther along in the plumbing sense than the other city-states and the Indus Valley. Babylon was still young though (haha Baby-lon...I'm sorry...) and the sewage was spotty. In the Indus Valley, the more planned cities have simply not come to be yet, so the people in the area live in villages with chamber pots, where the slaves would take them out and dump them somewhere (I use "slaves" loosely, social classes haven't really developed). On with it, then!!...

*002*2016-09-21 02:48

(Names will be stupid, too.)

Melait was nearly finished with the 3-week journey from his home in the Indus Valley (present-day India) to Babylon along with Ekalla, his Mesopotamian guide. It was a mission of trade for Melait. Pulling the raw materials for the transaction was the ox he was riding, Ka. Ekalla's ox, Ren, helped too. Ekalla was only planning his return home when he happened upon Melait, and as Babylon was furiously lacking raw materials, he offered to help the merchant for no charge.

"Only four more days, Melait," Ekalla promised. "We shouldn't slow at this point."

"It isn't that," Melait confirmed, as urged Ka to trot up to the faster traveler.

"What is it, then?"

"I don't think Ka's ever gone this long without relieving himself. It's been nearly two days, and Ka, well, really must relieve himself."

"Nonsense. He's a trained animal, isn't he? Bladder trained as well?"

"Hardly. I don't know how you or Ren do it, honestly. I haven't relieved myself, either, since last night." Melait said, hoping that Ekalla would catch on to the fact, like the ox, needed a pee. Quite badly, actually.

He didn't.

"Well, just kick him and get up here."

Melait sighed and did as he was told. The sun seemed to say that it was 2pm. They would rest at 7.

"You'll just have to wait, buddy. So will I, anyway." He whispered.

4pm came and went. Melait was fidgeting more and more on Ka. He was just too embarrassed to asked to stop. You never had to ask anyone in the Indus Valley.

Melait had bought Ka from a Babylonian, and it did appear he was "bladder trained". As 5 neared, he kept crossing his legs, looking in pain. He wouldn't last long.

"Ekalla?"

"Yes?"

"Ka really must relieve himself. I'm worried he'll urinate on the goods."

"You know how long it could take to get the harness off. Just make sure he doesn't urinate."

By 6, it didn't seem possible. Ka was dancing and crossing his legs in an attempt to hold it, and Melait wasn't faring much better. He was fidgeting all over the place, crossing his legs, man he has to go so badly.

"Ekalla?"

"What now?"

"It's just - I could really use a chamber pot about now. Badly. Could we stop?"

Ekalla shook his head.

"You're a grown man, Melait. Hold it."

Finally, 7pm rolled around, and they stopped for the night. Melait immediately hopped off, looking quite silly as he danced around desperately. Ka did so as well. It took nearly 10 minutes to get the harness off of the ox, and he was barely able to move to a different spot before a torrent of urine came from him. Melait had to hold his bladder in his hand then, as he ran off to a better spot. He sighed a great sigh of relief. Meanwhile, Ekalla needed to go, too. He danced a bit, and when Melait returned (Ka was still going), Ekalla ran off somewhere else. Ren could hardly hold it, but managed to do so until he was detached from the goods.

*003*2016-12-08 03:11

God, this is dumb. I have some really weird stuff in my head sometimes. I apologize to anyone who had to see this.

*005*2016-12-08 11:48

{{7 hours ago, Nikeryda said:

Don't be so hard on yourself. Everyone has to start somewhere. The story wasn't that bad even if it was lacking detail.

}}

Ha thanks (: I think I was just embarrassed by the topic.

